\"Wesley, Mabel. She was the second daughter of James Wesley, the well-known pioneer labourer, who came to South Australia 200 years ago. He married Miss Mabel Williams, of Hawkesbury, and then in 1823 she went to Adelaide to reside with her late father. The bridegroom was James Wesley, a very wealthy South Australian pastoralist. Miss WilliamsÂ grandfather, the South Australian minister, Colonel F. D. Williams, was married to the widow of the late William Jones Williams, M.C. The late Miss Williams, who died two years ago, was Miss Mabel Williams of „Barendie.‡Miss W. W. Brooks, of Booroomba, died in 1901. She was an accomplished young woman, and as a younger woman was the first lady in Victoria to own horses for racing. She was the first woman to win four races, her first win being as a member of the Booroomba team, with Lord (now deceased) and Lord (Doon). She later became an exhibitor at racing shows in New South Wales. Her horse, Lady Wainwright, won a title at the famous „AvalonÂs Fair,‡ Melbourne. She won a number of prizes on horseback, won racing badges, and played hostess at Christmas parties.She is survived by her parents, two sisters, Mary (Tasmania), and Joan (Queensland) and two brothers, George (Eskimo) and Hugh (N.Z.). Her first husband, Mr. George Brooks, died about 1875. She was a daughter of the late Mr. Hugh Williams.\"\"Crockett, Alfred John (1853—1913) Alfred John Crockett, of Sarracenia, Victoria, died suddenly last, Friday, at the age of 59 years. Born at Mollison, Victoria, in 1852, he came to Victoria at the age of seventeen, landing in Melbourne in 1857. He first managed in South Melbourne, and in 1869 was appointed a contractor in the Victorian Railway Department. He was associated with all the railways in Victoria until his retirement about forty years ago. In his connection he was instrumental in laying the foundation of the Melbourne Tardive Company, the first Australian firm so identified, and in the erection of the famous \"\"Sanderham\"\" ironworks in that town. With others he opened a mill in Sydney and subsequently opened a milling business in Melbourne. One of his partners being a well-known and much respected engineer, the milling business and milling business in these two city centres being intimately interwoven. In addition Mr Crockett was a director of the first branch tramway companies of Australia, being a member of the Manchester and Manchester Tramways, and the North Sydney Tramways. In the early seventies he married Emily, daughter of George L. Walker, M.L.C., and died at the age of 61 years, leaving three sons and four daughters.\"\"Begg, William Henry (1832—1913) Mr. William Henry Begg, of Oamaru, died yesterday after a long illness, in which he remained a prisoner for three months. He was born at Wilberforce, where his father was a well-known agriculturalist at one and the same time. The family lived at Wilberforce for about thirty years and then at Tarco, on the Murchison River, where an early life, and also agriculture, found a home in a farm in which the younger Begg and the eldest of the family were well-known. He left Tarco at eighteen and joined a cattle station in the Southern district, but in order to obtain a better opportunity for cultivating this country he returned to Oamaru. He became the owner, and became one of the very best known land owners in the State. The name of Begg is a well-known one in the Otago district, as one of his first purchases was the farm of Mr. E. Kable, and in the same year the late Mr. A. W. Begg bought the Oamaru station, where he resided for five years, and took it up after the death of his father, Mr. J. A. Begg.The late Mr.\"\"Archer, James Henry (1842—1913) Mr James Henry Archer, a pioneer South Australian, was the last surviving member of his generation. His son, Mr James Archer (sic), has control of Archerville station, and the other members of his family are still living.\"\"Cudmore, Mary Maud (1850—1919) The death is announced of Mrs. Mary Cudmore, a well-known resident of Wagga, at the age of 79 years. Mrs. Cudmore who left the district about eight years ago, attended to the health and well being of her two sons, Alexander Curdell who died at the age of 22 years, and Henry William who has been with the forces since he was 15 years old. Mrs. Cudmore who had lived in Brisbane for many years, spent about three years there, and came to Wagga about four years ago to reside. She was a native of Queensland, being born at St. John\'s, near Blackall, and married a younger brother of William Curdell. Henry had been with the Forces since he was 15 years old, and is now with the 2st Infantry Division. His younger brother, Robert, graduated at the same time as a Brigadier-General, and now trains at the Signal Corps. The remains were laid to rest in the Church of England portion of the Wagga cemetery on Saturday, Rev. S. I. Roddis acting as pall-bearer. Mr. W. W. Roddis (the burial director) conducted the burial service.\"\"Taylor, Geoffrey (1901—1954) The death took place at his home at Mangoura on Wednesday, of Mr. Geoffrey Taylor, of Aspergillie, near Reading, N.S.W., at the age of 41. He left full life and family behind him, but continued to participate in pastoral life. A large number of residents of Mangoura joined Mr. Taylor in his industry, and many of them that still live become familiar patrons of his sons, Mr. Thomas J. J. Taylor, of Mangoura, and of Mr. Ian Taylor at Reading, in pastoral pursuits, and will receive the condolences of the surrounding districts to whose loss Mr. Taylor will be deeply-felt.The late Mr. Taylor married a daughter of the late Mr. John Anderson, and leaves a widow, three sons, and twenty-two children, of whom the family is nine sons and four daughters. There are 19 children living, 18 of whom are married, and four\'de a widower.One son, John Taylor, was principal of the New South Wales Football Union Agricultural Association for a number of years, and won a pan-Australian footballer of the year\'s medal.Mr. Taylor was a member of the Royal School of Mines, as well as being one of the trustees of the New South Wales Museum.\"\"Norris-Kern, George (1827—1897) The late Mr George Norris-Kern, of 203 Bougainville-streets, Grose Vale, Melbourne, passing from life near Grose Vale about two weeks ago, leaves a widow and one child. The deceased gentleman was a brother of Dr Edward Pempelli, well-known and highly esteemed in Sydney amongst many other friends. Mr Pempelli has been staying in Grose Vale for over 35 years, and Mrs Pempelli now lives at a town house, about seven miles distant from Grose Vale. The late Mr Norris-Kern was the last surviving member of the family. He was 48 years of age. Mr W. A. Norris-Kern, health inspector of the State Insurance Department, informs us that last Saturday, about 7 o\'clock, a car pulled up to the house at Grose Vale, exhibiting the certificate of the family in charge. The dead man was Mr. G.A. Norris-Kern (68), who was a resident of Grose Vale. Mr Pempelli gave information as to the commission of the accident, and there were the evidences that the deceased person would have had 10 years\' experience in hotel management. The deceased gentleman had spent most of his life in Australia, but several years ago was supposed to be a dry warden living in Melbourne, or at Parramatta.\"\"Hawkins, William J. (?—1897) Late Senior Constable William J. Hawkins, of the Station Protective Branch of the Police Force, died yesterday after a long illness. On Monday, July 24, 1892, he was a member of the Aboriginal Correctional Authority, a committee member of the Narcotics Intelligence Service, a prisoner, and then Inspector-General of the New South Wales Police Force. He was appointed within a few days of his birth. With the annexation of Tasmania, in 1857—58, Mr. Hawkins had been on the industry bench, and in 1880 had been sheriff of the province. Ten years ago, aged 31 years, he resigned, to devote himself to private business. He was a great lover of horses. He was 28 years of age.\"\"Hill, Charlotte Sarah (1844—1939) Mrs. James Hill, of Cudlegeal, was one of the most highly respected local citizens. A native of Dumfries, Scotland, she came to Ireland in her teens when her mother, the late Mrs. Fergusson, had arrived in Dublin with the late Rev. J. McConnel. She was married to her cousin, Mr. James Hill, a brother of the late Mr. James Hill, on her arrival in Sydney in 1852. Her husband predeceased her 35 years ago. She was a member of the well-known Strangeway family. Her husband was also an officer of the Scottish Government during the Boer War. Three of their four children (two sons and a daughter) survive. The former are David and Mary, and the deceased is a daughter of the late Mr. William Strangeway. Mrs. Hill, of Cudlegeal, is survived by two sons (John and Frederick Strangeway), and two daughters•Misses Gertrude Strangeway and Violet Strangeway. Her brother, Mr. Stephen Strangeway, lives in Dublin. She is also survived by four grandchildren.\"\"Houlston, James George (1880—1939) James George  Houlston, a well-known pastoralist and friend to many, died early yesterday morning at his home at Mudgee. He was aged 70 years. Born at Nambour, near Goulburn, he had resided at Loonah for about 35 years. He was a son of the late Mr. and Mrs. George Houlston, pioneers of this district. He was educated at the Christ Church, and was engaged during his early life as a lab-man in the Wairarapa and Wagga Stations. At the time of his death he was president of the Pastoralists\' Association of Victoria. He represented his country at the Melbourne Cup. He is survived by Mrs. Houlston, three sons • Henry, Harold and Richard • and two daughters. The funeral will leave once the business of his trade has been settled.\"\"Hall, Herbert James (1846—1939) Mr. Herbert James Hall, who had been ill for several months, died suddenly at his residence, Cootamundra, on September 11 as a result of heart failure. He was born at Maffra, and with his brother, the late W. Hall, came to the district near Cootamundra.The late Mr. Hall\'s father, Mr. Alexander Hall, came to the Lachlan district in 1854 in an unsuccessful attempt to get sheep to Victoria, but was unsuccessful.About 50 or 60 years ago the late Mr. Hall went into business with Mr. W. T. Taylor as land purchase agents. After the death of W. T. Taylor he was taken into partnership by his son-in-law Mr. S. Taylor, with Mr. H. J. Hall, an uncle of the late Mr. H. J. Hall Mr. Hall, who was 88 years of age, was a son of the late W. M. Hall, of Cootamundra. He is survived by a widow, three sons and seven daughters.The chief mourners at the funeral were Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Taylor (sons), Mr. and Mrs. W. T. Taylor (sons-in-law), Mr. and Mrs. G. Taylor, Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Taylor\"\"Berkman, Frank John (1888—1939) An old resident and member of one of the oldest families in this district passed away on February 13, in the person of Mr Frank John \"\"John\"\" Berger. Mr Berger had been in very ill health for some years past, but his death was not unexpected. He passed away peacefully in the early hours of Saturday morning after attending his usual office on Wednesday. Deceased was born in Wilcannia, but had resided in this district for about 60 years. For the last twelve years he has been engaged in farming and was a very keen sportsman. The funeral took place on Monday, Rev R. J. McDevitt officiating at St Peter\'s Church, Wilcannia and at the Church of England, and the remains were laid to rest in the Church of England portion of the Yanko cemetery. The burial service was conducted by Archdeacon H. W. Edwards over the funeral arrangements. The burial service was a most impressive one. The Church has been presented by Mrs Brown (Mrs L. T. J. Lacy, Mrs J. Thompson) and members (Beverley Tindle, A. W. Jones) of the Yanko Baptist congregation.\"\"Macgillivray, John (1843—1910) The news of the death (after a short illness) of Mr. John Macgillivray which took place early on Friday morning will be received with the greatest regret. Deceased was the eldest son of Mr. John Macgillivray and Mrs. H. G. Simmonds, of \"\"Beverley Vale,\"\" Goulburn, and who in the days when he and his brothers-in-law were managing the \"\"West Point estate,\"\" was very well connected with philanthropic movements in many parts of the State. The funeral took place at the Goulburn Cemetery on Saturday, the Rev. Father Flannery officiating at the graveside. Mrs. Simmonds died on the same day, and a large and representative gathering of friends and relatives attended the funeral. Deceased was a native of Goulburn, having been born in England in the year 1843. His father was a native of the same town, where he died, and on his uncle\'s side he was buried. Deceased\'s mother (a daughter of the Hon. George Gidley, who had been mayor of Goulburn earlier in the year) was a native of Ireland, and has since resided here. Deceased married a daughter of Sir Charles Simmonds, afterwards Sir Robert Robertson. Sir Thomas Scott was the first Chancellor of the University of New South Wales.\"\"Gaughan, Charles Ernest (1869—1978) The death in Canberra on July 29 of Colonel Charles Ernest Gaughan, the last active Australian commander of the R.A.F. forces in Malaysia, is a matter of great historical significance. Until Australia\'s entry into World War II he was part of a large Australian family, with two or three surviving children of a similar age. With that, he became one of the great grandfathers of Australian air power. He became the youngest Australian general to serve in the R.A.F. forces to take part in air operations in Western Asia. The late Colonel Gaughan was born at Armidale on March 22, 1869, son of a farmer, the son of a coal miner, and daughter of Mr. James E. Gaughan, the founder of the Gaughan family. During World War II some of his brothers had been invalided home with the outbreak of war, and Mr. Gaughan and his father were at one time in business in Armidale.Early in 1915 the family settled in Sydney, where Colonel Gaughan obtained his primary school education. He then went to the University of Sydney, graduating in 1916 and going on to the bar with a silver medal at the Australasian Law Bench. \"\"Mitchell, Frederick Edward (1872—1978) The death has occurred at Armidale of Mr Frederick Mitchell, of Merton St, Armidale. He was 84.He was born at Armidale, and went to Armidale High School before going to West Sydney to study in a local University.After working as a surveyor at Armidale, he was appointed a senior forester at Burragorang, where he lived for 30 years.He was married at St AndrewÂs Catholic Church by Rev Father McClelland, and is survived by his wife and two children.The family, of two sons and five daughters, comprises Mrs Arthur Young, of Tenterfield, and Messrs Donald Mitchell, of Armidale, and Bernard Mitchell, of Brisbane; Mrs Margaret Young, of Waverley, and Mrs S. W. Young, of Armidale.The remains were privately interred in Armidale last Thursday at R. C. P. Barr cemetery.\"\"Dunstan, Alfred (1873—1978) Albertain Dunstan, who died at his home, Pymble, near Newcastle on Sunday, at the age of 102, had an exceptionally long and distinguished life.As a child, he took up bushwalking at Wagga Downs, then moved with his parents to Burragorang, near Sydney, and later to Pymble, where he built a grazing property, where he was at the time of his death. He had a great love for pastoral life and was prominent in the Australian Sheepbreeders\' Association, which had a large stake in him. As head of the Pymble Board, he led a great life. He was one of the earliest members of the Newcastle Agricultural Society, which was founded by the father — who was a former Newcastle businessman and a member of the Newcastle Public School Board, and a former Newcastle mayor — in 1896. He was a regular attendee at the meetings and made his home there till the early eighties.\"\"Lonergan, Gerald Paul (Gerry) (1912—2008) One of the greatest of Australian bush doctors, Mr. Gerald Paul Lonergan, died yesterday at the age of 76. He had a reputation in Canberra as a great doctor and bushman, and was an indefatigable worker at his farm, La Perouse, near Maroubra, which he had purchased 40 years ago.He was born near Melbourne in 1912, and as a boy enjoyed the life of a shepherd boy at Mulgoa Point, between his school and home, before he became the caretaker of the Mulgoa Plains property owned by the family of his father, Mr. F. W. Lonergan.In the 1930s, he was employed in the Commonwealth Forests Department in Perth, and in 1934 he became forestry officer, which position he held until 1949 when, due to ill health, he retired.After an accounting career with the Department, Mr. Lonergan worked in Adelaide until 1954, when he moved to Canberra, where he carried on his pioneering work, and became part owner of a famous Canberra pastoral property, La Perouse.He was also well known in Canberra, first as secretary of the Canberra Club, an honorary life member of which he joined in 1940, and was in the Order of the King of England in 1963.Mr. Lonergan is survived by his wife, Mrs. M., and children, Tom, Tom Jr., Tom and Jean.\"\"Stow, Samuel (1847—1910) On Saturday, September 15, the death took place of Mr. Samuel Stow, who, it seems, was a well-known figure in all business circles. Deceased had been in his usual state of health up to the time of his demise. He was a son of the late Mr. Stow, of Melbourne, and had attained the age of 72. The funeral took place on Monday afternoon, the remains being transferred to the Adelaide Cemetery, where the interment was made in the family plot near where deceased was born at the corner of Albert and Macdonald streets. The Rev. Canon Waddell officiated at the funeral service.\"\"O\'Gorman, James (1856—1918) The death occurred last night of Mr. James OÂGorman, after an illness of several months. He had not been in the best of health for some time, and his close friends were shocked by the sudden termination of his life.Mr. OÂGorman was the youngest son of the late Mr. James O\'Gorman, of Kinchela, Kilkivan, New South Wales, and was born seventy years ago, his age being 70 years. He was educated at the Creswick Grammar School, where he excelled as a pupil; on leaving school he worked during the day in the milling industry, but later went to the farm at Kilkivan, where he resided until about eighteen months ago. He went to live in Queensland, and came to reside at Kinchela in March last. He was married to a daughter of Mr, J. G. OÂGorman, of Kinchela, and leaves two sons. Major OÂGorman, of the 31st Infantry Battalion, Queensland Reserve, and Messrs. Richard and Arthur OÂGorman, of Kinchela. The funeral will take place to-morrow afternoon at 11 a.m.\"\"McEnroe, Thomas (1838—1918) A well-known pastoralist in his day, Mr. T. [Thomas] McEnroe, of the Wellwood Station, in the Upper Murray, passed away at St. John\'s, Armidale, New Zealand, last month; he had attained the age of 83 years. Deceased was born in the western district of New South Wales, and the youngest son of the late Mr. George McEnroe of the Mount Mair Hotel and Spa, near Wollongong. Like all his brothers, he was an expert athlete, and when born of good stock was one of the best seen on fine horses in that part of the State. The younger two brothers (James McEnroe and Herbert McEnroe) came from the family of the late Sir George McEnroe, of the well-known Newcastle firm of Messrs. McEnroe and Co., and at one time he was the owner of Meekatharra Station, Queensland. He had also interests in other Queensland districts, having extensive grazing interests in the Lower Murray. In 1892 it was no great mystery to the public at the Sydney fair to see young men on fine horses in large numbers, such as was the case on the well-known Sydney Cup race events. The deceased gentleman did not hesitate to take a high position in the sporting world, and it was not long before the public at large came to recognise his name.\"\"Cohen, Solomon Cohen (1849—1928) There passed away, from heart failure, one of our City\'s leading business men, in the person of Mr. Solomon Cohen, of Wattle Hill, in the person of one whom the community would have to acknowledge to be its father and servant. The late Mr. Cohen was the eldest son of the late Hon. Solomon Cohen, M.L.C., and the owner of a large business there.He was educated in London (by the late Dr. J. St. Cyr) and entered the London office of Messrs. Cohen & Sullins, brokers. Later on Mr. Cohen opened his own office. He also practised as a barrister in Sydney. About two years ago he returned to Wattle Hill and purchased the firm of Mr. Solomon Cohen, J.P. He took possession of the premises, located at the corner of King and Burwood sts.The late Mr. Cohen belonged to an old Sydney family. His step-grandson was Mr. W. H. Cohen, the well-known attorney in the City. Mr. Cohen is survived by his wife, his son, Mr. A. G. Cohen, and his step-daughter, Mrs. David Levy.\"\"Bouchard, Mary Jane (1859—1928) Mrs. Bouchard, also a descendant of a pioneer family in the same area, died two years ago.Mrs. Bouchard\'s death was the second in the family. Her grandfather, Thomas Bouchard, came to Westland about 1812, and established the property and family who took up residence there about 1852. In 1860 Mr. Thomas Bouchard died, and in 1865 Mr. Mary Bouchard (a nephew) came to live on the property. It was not the first visit of the late Mr. and Mrs. Bouchard (nephews), who also had the honour of being guests at the last funeral. Mr. H. J. Wilson, of Westland, visited the estate in 1873 at the invitation of the late Mr. T. B. W. Taylor (one of his brothers) and was present when Mrs. Bouchard and Mrs. B. Wilson met on the occasion of the visit of the late William T. Taylor to the Westland Estate in 1872.\"\"Gaffney, Maria (1879—1928) By the death of Mrs Maria Gaffney, of Ponds Farm, on Friday, a link with early Westland, in its early days, was severed. The deceased lady, who was 76 years of age, was well known to Westland, when Mr. William Taylor (the proprietor of Ponds Farm) first brought the sheep to Westland during the first ten years of its existence. The estate was one of the most beautiful in Western Victoria, on which the famous Southland wine was produced. Mr. Taylor was one of the foremost producers of Westland and Southern wine, and his wife was one of the foremost producers of wine in Melbourne. Mrs. B. H. Bouchard and her daughter, Mrs. Gaffney, of Melbourne, were present at the deathbed. The late Mrs. Gaffney was a daughter of Mr. J. J. Clark, of Westland, whose mother lived on the property some 50 years ago. \"\"Another old farmer, who died in the West on Monday, was Mr. W. T. Campbell, an old officer with the old British and Australian Bank in Taree, and who has been connected with the Board of Agricultural and Forestry since 1893.Mr. Campbell was closely associated with the New South Wales farm and stock agency. He arrived in Sydney about 1885, and soon became manager of some farms under his supervision. He afterwards sold out his property, and after some years remained in Sydney on a farm.At one time Mr. Campbell was associated with the late Mr. H. W. McLeod, and his services also were eagerly sought by those on the State Board of Agriculture. In 1898 he was appointed the agent of the Commonwealth Trustee Co. Ltd., and retained that position until 1907; at that time Australian farmers had to turn to the London Trust for help in connection with their farms. A prominent feature of Mr. Campbell\'s farm was his farm at Longford, in the west of the State. On that property he had large holdings of cattle and sheep. In recent years he was engaged in the construction of a railway line connecting Taree and Bathurst.Another feature of Mr. Campbell\'s farm was that it was one of the few that had been completely flooded during the course of the recent storm. In his farm life, he was always a good neighbour and a worthy member of the community. He was always keenly interested in local affairs, and the annual cattle sales at the farm, which he greatly enjoyed, were a good example of that interest. Mr. Campbell was one of the most zealous and successful buyers in the farm market, and his advice and support at the farmers\' market was constantly sought. In private life Mr. Campbell was warm and agreeable to all with whom he came in contact, and had many friends in the wider community.Mrs. Campbell died a few months ago. Mr. Campbell also survives. Two sons, Messrs. G. and H. Campbell, and Mrs. G. Clark are at home, both of whom have been greatly missed.The funeral will take place at Taree to-morrow, following a service at the Methodist Cemetery.\"\"Chifley, William (1854—1930) The death of Mr. William Chifley, which took place at his residence, Lismore, on Friday morning, removes another link with that period when New South Wales was developing at a remarkable rate. He was a brother of Mr. John Chifley, former Secretary of the Department of Agriculture, and for many years Secretary of the Lismore branch of the National Agricultural and Herbarium Society.\"\"Chisholm, Samuel Peter (1853—1930) Mr. Samuel Peter Chisholm, chairman of directors of the Commercial Insurance Company of Queensland Ltd., and the former Minister for Public Works in South Australia for six years, died suddenly last evening at the Melbourne Hospital. Mr. Chisholm, a son of the late Mr. Justice Chisholm, was aged 79 years and was born at Biddenham. He was educated at St. Peter\'s College, Oxford, and entered the Public Service. He was Secretary of the Department of Works, and held numerous important departments, especially in irrigation and drainage. He took a keen interest in political campaigning, and was a member of the Liverpool Town Council for a long period. Mr. Justice Chisholm, who was a solicitor, son of Judge Chisholm, is a nephew.\"\"Turnbull, Charles Henry (1849—1930) Mr. Charles Henry Turnbull, an old and highly-respected resident of Bundemar, died last night having been the sole survivor of five sons of the late Mr. and Mrs. Malcolm Turnbull who were married in 1889 at St. Peter\'s Church, Adelaide. The sons of this marriage were, William (who died a few years ago), Joseph, Peter, Robert and William, all of Bundemar.\"\"Bawden, Edmund Frederick (1844—1930) The death occurred at an early hour this evening of Mr. Edmund Frederick Bawden, for many years chairman of directors of the Central District Land Brokers, Ltd., at his residence, 36 George-street, South Yarra. Mr. Bawden, who was the son of Mr. William Bawden, one of the founders of the business, was born in Australia, where he received his education.\"\"Kable, Edward Thomas (1844—1923) The death occurred in the Cootamundra District Hospital last Saturday of one of the most prominent figures in the district. Mr. Edward Thomas [Thomas Edward] Kable, M.L.C., and for more than 40 years one of the leading political entrepreneurs in New South Wales, when he reached the age of 60 years he was the great-grandchild to the Hon. Mr. Kable.Mr. Kable was born at Burren-street, Cootamundra, in the year 1844. He was educated at The King\'s School, Parramatta; then at the Hunter\'s Hill School, Sydney, and at the age of 20 years took up land on the Darling. While in this country he met Charles Dunmore Taylor, and married him. This was at the Burren-street, Cootamundra, district.Mr. Kable went to London in 1888, and, having come out as an ex-patriot, he made his fortunes as a stock and station agent at Warialda. He carried on this business in England for a number of years. When he took up Australia he had a good share of experience travelling in England and France, and he took a very keen interest also in Australia.Then, in 1875, came his first foray in NSW politics, into the electoral arena. This took place in the electorate of Cootamundra, with the aim of bringing down the unpopular Government of Sir Robert Menzies. The result was that he was returned, but only by a respectable handful of votes, so that the late Mr. Menzies went into power. After the election and coalition Mr. Kable returned to England and became a partner in the firm of Wilson and Kable. In 1885 the Government agreed to the formation of the Liberal-National coalition. With this arrangement Mr. Kable was able to attend the meetings of the executive at Bath and Bologna, where he was for some time manager of the Bologna branch of the firm. Mr. Kable again moved from this sphere of business to Creswick, where he remained for some years, and then returned to England. He retained his interests in England and France for a number of years, and was elected a councillor of Birka, which was one of the many boroughs where the interests of the political and commercial life were keenly felt. Then he went to France, and when the war broke out he entered it for the Australlotte with other men. The Australlotte was the first light infantry regiment to form in the British Empire, an indication of the degree of the country\'s revolutionary spirit. Mr. Kable was a good soldier in the true sense of the word, and many were the speeches which he delivered to troops in their new situation that they listened with expressions of grateful admiration, even though they were not necessarily made with the same sincerity. His last appointment as a barrister-at-law took place in Sydney about ten years ago.\"\"She was born at Wilberforce, where her father was a plasterer. As a child she was brought up by the father of the family, the late Thomas Broughton. The family occupied a home on the Clarence River for some years, but removed to Millewa, a part of the old village in the district where there is now a school up to this period. Mrs. Broughton was married at the old church in Wilberforce and had a family of eight sons•Messrs. George, Herbert, James, William, Fred, Walter, and Alfred. They came out early settlers to the Clarence in 1839, coming out from that section of the district. Mr. Broughton was an early settler with his brother-in-law, James Simpson, who was one of the pioneers; they were married at Wilberforce in 1858. Mrs. Broughton leaves two sons•Messrs. Frederick and Henry Broughton and daughter, Mrs. J. H. H. Taylor, of Grafton. Of the latter few daughters are now married. Her family consists of 10 grandchildren, 10 great grandchildren and three great grand grandchildren. She married Mr. James Simpson, of Grafton, on September 14, 1907, at the Parish Hall, Grafton, by proxy. On May 6, 1913, Mrs. J. H. H. Taylor of Grafton married Mr. Gough Broughton, son of Mrs. Simpson and Mr. F. A. Broughton from whom passed, son, son-in-law. Mrs. Broughton had six children•Messrs. C. C. (1878), Walter (1886), Herbert (1895), James (1900), Ernest (1901) and Alfred (1907).\"\"Mack, Charles (1847—1909) The death took place at Richmond on Saturday, September 21, of Mr. Charles Mack, a well-known resident of this district, aged 74 years. Mr. Mack was buried at Richmond on Sunday, the same day (the funeral was largely attended). \"\"Llewellyn, John John (1828—1909) Mr John Llewellyn, a very old resident of Wagga, died at his residence, \"\"Campbell Street,\"\" on 1st October, at the advanced age of 85. Deceased was a native of Co. Donegal, Ireland, and came to South Wales about the year 1852. After taking some years\' experience in the Bordeaux and Savoy Steamship Co.\'s, he was sent to the Riverina, where he spent three years. Having completed his course, he returned to Gwynedd, and commenced business in Wagga. Then he took up grazing at Longford, where he resided some years. He leaves a widow and three daughters. The interment took place on the 21st September at Warne Chapel, Gwynedd.\"\"Cooper, J. C. (1832—1909) Mr. J. C. Cooper, who has for more than 25 years represented the Hawkesbury in the Legislative Assembly, died at his residence, Caddai, yesterday. He was 62 years of age, and was the second son of Mr. J. Cooper, of Kallara Station, Wilcannia, N.S.W. Mr. J. C. Cooper had never taken an active part in public matters except as a candidate or as chairman of a special committee, and his private connections were limited. He was a son of the late Mr. William Cooper, of Kallara Station and of Caddai. He is survived by Lady Cooper, two sons and four daughters. He was born at Wilcannia Station, in 1832. In 1873 he married Miss Jane Elizabeth Mowle, daughter of the late Mr. Wm. Mowle, of Kallara Station. Two sons were born to the marriage. Mr. J. C. Cooper, who was educated at the Sydney Grammar School, was one of the first students at the Sydney Grammar School. Since then he had taken a keen interest in the affairs of the school and was president for several terms. In 1872 he graduated at the Sydney Grammar School. Prior to joining the civil service, which he resigned from, he held a similar position at Sydney University, was a member of the university council, a member of the council of the Technical College, and a member of the local committee, in which he had a close connection. In 1883 he entered the service of the Commercial Bank of Australia. As a merchant baronet the bank was entitled to his good offices, and in 1877 he was transferred to St. Maarten. It may be remarked here that Mr. CooperÂs son, Peter, who had completed his education at Sydney University, was one of the earliest students admitted to the New South Wales Bar. His brother, Peter the Younger, who has been admitted a juror in the Bar, is also a member of the council, as is Mr. J. E. Stoner, of Parramatta. For ten years, from 1879 to 1885, he represented the district of Murchilong in the Legislative Assembly (1901-2), and was returned as a representative of the Murchill electorate in the Legislative Council (1903-4). From 1893 to 1905 he represented the Hawkesbury in the Legislative Council (1914-5); from 1908 to 1913 he was a member of the Legislative Council (1917-19) and vice-president (1917-19).On the death of the late Mr. Justice Walker on the 17th September last, Mr. Cooper became a member of the Supreme Court Bench, and was acting-Chief Justice on the resignation of the late Sir John Macarthur. In the year 1902, as a member of the Legislative Council (1902-3), he was again returned a representative of the district; and in the year 1903 he was elected alderman of the Council of the University of Sydney. In 1901 he was a member of the council of the Australian Institute of Conservators.A very short but instructive career had Mr. Cooper now passed away, but in his early activity for the University he was a fine character, and when he was a student was a fine cricketer; he was a very old member of the council of the University, and the only one at present of the Royal College, with whom he has been in close correspondence for many years. His funeral took place on the 18th ult. at Cunnamulla Cemetery, and was a very large and representative gathering.\"\"Stow, James Alexander (1824—1891) We regret to record the death of the Reverend James Alexander Stow to which notice has been made previously. The late Stow was then attached to that denomination of the Presbyterian Church as one of the first members of the ministry of that denomination, under his direction and charge, and under circumstances most singularly similar to those which have since occurred. The deceased, up till within a few weeks since, had been at his residence in Pitt-street Southwark, and he seems to have been at rest. On Thursday last he paid the last homage to our departed brother Wesley, attended a sermon at the Methodist Church at the corner of the Thames and Newgate-street, and, after performing his regular wont, left that place to take a train for this town, accompanied by seven other old colonial people. It is to be understood that his departure from Christ Church was entirely for spiritual and personal reasons, but, upon being asked about it, he said he was ill, and wanted some rest. The funeral takes place on Sunday next. His remains will be laid to rest in the Presbyterian portion of the cemetery at Southwark.\"\"Taylor, John (1835—1891) It was with painful feelings yesterday, when our ears became prematurely attached and our minds prematurely fixated, that we have to record the death of Mr. John Taylor, which took place at his residence, Wilberforce, on the 8th instant, after an illness of only ten days\' duration. Mr. Taylor resided here continuously up to the 24th of January the day before his decease, yet had only been at it about five days. During this absence of about a week he remained alive on eight occasions; but not until the 8th of last month, did he finally come to die. Mr. Taylor leaves a widow and a family to lament their loss. His remains will be brought to the town for interment, and a special train will then be obliged to wait at the cemetery entrance to carry them to their last resting place.\"\"Dutton, Thomas (1813—1891) Mr. Thomas Dutton, an old colonist, and a resident of many places in this colony, died yesterday morning at Wilberforce, from heart disease. Mr. Dutton, who was well known in the old days, was a native of Devonport, England, and arrived in this colony at the age of twenty-one. The first notice of his name appearing in the colony is dated 1537, and he was then engaged as a mechanic, the employment which he accepted from his employer, John Haller, one of the well-known manufacturers of watches when the colony was still a free-hold settlement. About the year 1798 Mr. Dutton was compelled to relinquish his trade, for he was elected to the first Legislative Council of this colony, and entered into partnership with Mr. John Haller. This partnership proved unavailing, and Mr. Dutton was then forced to resign his seat, and devote all his attention to his duties as a mechanic, and, after living for some time in the old homestead of Wilberforce, he entered into partnership with Mr. John Haller, who, being a man of superior means, built the first residence that stood in the neighbourhood of Wilberforce. The first carriage passed through this building by Mr. Dutton is the present one.\"\"Macarthur, David James (Bob) (1881—1962) A fellow pastoralist in the person of Mr. David James Macarthur passed away yesterday in Launceston, N.Z., on the 11th inst, aged 83 years. Mr. Macarthur was born in Launceston in 1881. When he was 11 years of age his father removed him to the Northern Territory. From there he journeyed with his mother to Australia, subsequently on behalf of a cousin. He resided there for some time, then returned to the territory. He then went with his family to Queensland, on behalf of his cousin, passing through Melbourne, Port Phillip, and Port Gambier, and returning to Launceston. They lived in Launceston for over 30 years. In 1906 Mr. Macarthur went to New Zealand, there staying for three years, thence back to the Northern Territory. He then spent some time in New South Wales. Mr. Macarthur subsequently returned to Launceston and commenced grazing at his own property. It was whilst he was away at sea that his life became a living wreck. He was seized with fever and pneumonia, from which he never completely recovered, and from which he has borne the ordeal ever since. Mr. Macarthur was very keen on racing, and had many contacts in Brisbane and Sydney, notably, during the time he played host to a number of the leading horse teams in the colony. He was very successful at Launceston, and won many races for the city syndicate. At one time he owned a number of horses, the most notable being Warram, of which, in conjunction with \"\"Darling,\"\" he won the Mid Norfolk Cup. The late Gough Brown won the Norfolk Cup at the old Launceston Coursing Ground, but in a race with \"\"Darling\"\" carried off the prize.The late Mr. Macarthur was a member of the N.S.W. Benevolent Society for many years, and was twice President of the society. He did a number of public work in Launceston, particularly on behalf of the Launceston Children\'s Medical Centre, at which he was a very successful exhibitor. He was a member of the N.S.W. Sports Authority for 30 years, and for the past ten years had been chairman. His wife was formerly Miss Elizabeth Larkin, well-known in Launceston, N.S.W., who, with one son and three daughters survives him. The sons are Dr. F. F. Macarthur, of Sydney; Mr. R. Macarthur, of Longreach, Q., and Mr. Arthur Macarthur, of the Tasmanian Forestry Commission.\"\"O\'Brien-Hughes , Alfred John (1857—1962) Alfred John O\'Brien-Hughes, whose death in London in June last was briefly recorded last month, was a well-known photographer.Born in England in 1857, he went to Australia when ten years of age. He later went to New South Wales, and was employed by one of the largest companies of surveyors in the State. In 1870, with his father, he went to South India, and worked at several points in that state. In 1874 he went to South Africa, and for ten years worked as a surveyor at various points in that continent. In that instance he travelled over the whole continent. He returned from his last tour of the continent in the early sixties, and returned to Australia in 1865, when he entered his father\'s employ again. In 1866 in South Africa he took up portrait work. In 1870 he went to Europe, and travelled in all but two of the Great Britain countries. The portraits which resulted from these travels were selected in the London Museum, and afterwards won the Prix des Portes. In 1873 he returned to Australia, and continued to take a keen interest in the work of the Museum until he was removed on April 8, 1907.\"\"Cocker, Thomas (1840—1962) The death occurred in England of Mr. Thomas Cocker, at the age of eighty-seven. He was born at Westmal Bay, and died on a life-line in England, where he has taken a keen interest, in all matters affecting the welfare of the South Coast of Western Victoria. He was a member of the Royal Horticultural Society, London; the Royal Agricultural Society, Camperdown; the Royal Horticultural Society, Geelong; and, to a very extensive extend, the Royal Horticultural Society of Victoria, of which he was a life member.\"\"Nankivell, Edward Arthur (1803—1889) In the death of Mr. Edward A. [Alfred] Rainer Nankivell, which occurred at his residence, Grafton, on the 7th instant, the Hawkesbury is bereft of one of its most valuable and well-known citizens. Mr. Nankivell was only 51, and he was widely known and liked by his numerous friends through his long residence in the town of Grafton, having arrived here in 1850. He is survived by his widow, three sons (Messrs. H., J. and R. A. Nankivell) and a daughter. The funeral, which was largely attended, took place on the 14th inst., the remains being interred in the Church of England cemetery as a symbolic of the passing away of one of Grafton\'s oldest, most respected, and most highly esteemed citizens.\"\"Biddenham, Joseph (1815—1889) Mr. Joseph Biddenham, whose decease we record yesterday, fell suddenly from his horse, and was carried to his grave, with an injury not to be deemed improbable. For some time previous to his decease, about a month ago, he suffered from chronic rheumatism, in which complaint, he had never been much healthy. Up to a week previously, he had been in business, and in that capacity did an effective day\'s trade. About a fortnight ago he visited the Guntawang district on business for the purpose of procuring food supplies. On that occasion he contracted a cold, but on returning from his visit to Guntawang, the contracted disease rapidly advanced, and he died within two days, from the effects of which he had been suffering for five weeks. He was twice married and the wife of Mr. John Biddenham, of Parramatta. The deceased leaves a family of two daughters and three sons (Messrs. H. C., J., and N. Biddenham, all of Parramatta), to mourn their loss. The funeral leaves for the Guntawang cemetery at one to-morrow morning, and will take about an hour\'s journey.\"\"Green, Richard (1839—1889) MR. RICHARD GREEN. On the 24th of April last, died at the residence of his daughter, Mrs. Wm. H. Green, of Balaclava House, a well-known Melbourne resident, in the person of Mr. Richard Green. At the time of his decease his family comprised the following: • Elizabeth Mary (b. June 30, 1860) Catherine (b. June 30, 1868) Martha (b. May 30 of this year) • and Frederica (b. May 15, 1885 in France) Miss Green and Mrs. R. L. Green, Adelaide. There were no brothers, and the deceased was survived by two sisters. The funeral took place this Sunday, 27th April, and was very largely attended, about 200 people making their way to the cemetery.\"\"Mr. Dight was a man of kindly disposition and of strong Christian beliefs, and had very good qualities as befitted a man of the pioneer type. He was a member of the Scottish Rite and Presbyterian churches, and took great interest in the Congregational movement. He was well known and respected as an old and respected member of the congregation of St. John of Jerusalem.His wife and one-year-old daughter (the youngest daughter was born 10 months ago), who survives him, were with him on his death, and his brothers and sisters, who were also with him, also followed him to the end, Mr. S. M. Dight, Mr. A. J. Dight, and Messrs. J. B. Dight, F. B. Dight, and E. E. Dight. The Rev. Canon E. R. Sondheim, of Auckland, officiated at the burial. His remains were followed by more than one hundred of the relatives and friends of the deceased, who were represented•the Messrs. O\'Sullivan, J. H. W. O\'Neill, F. H. O\'Neill, E. O\'Neill, H. E. Brown, J. M. D. Dutcher, R. P. O\'Neill, P. O\'Neill, A. O\'Neill, H. D. Collins, and many others.The funeral arrangements were carried out by Messrs. Collins and Brown, Sydney, New Zealand, and R. P. Dutton and Son, New Zealand, were in charge of the funeral arrangements.\"\"Hay, Sir Charles (1825—1925) State Library of Queensland, 185584Sir Charles Hay, the first Australian Chief Justice, died at his country residence in Sydney yesterday evening. As far back as February last Mr. Hay was undergoing treatment for a weak case of cancer, and the prognosis for his brother, the future Deputy Chief Justices, became grim. His death, had it not been for the efforts of Sir Arthur Tange and one of his acolytes, was expected within a few days. A man of unimpeachable integrity and of exceptional ability, Sir Charles was an object lesson in political leadership, and his death was not unexpected.He was born in 1825, and thus entered in the royal family. During his young life, he was extensively educated, and by the end of the century he had risen to become a highly successful commercial traveller and importer. In his first stint as Attorney-General Sir Charles Hay played the leading part in the Australian litigation of that period. A man of the highest character, he is said by one of his friends to have been the first man in Australia to propose abolishing the office of Chief Justice.His rise in the public sphere was due to his uncompromising adherence to fundamental principles of justice, the high value placed on the legal profession, and the necessity for open consultation. In later years he was a man who gave a deep personal interest to many national and international problems, and was a prominent figure in international negotiations for the settlement of the war in Europe. He was a member of the Royal Commission into the cause of Negroes in Australia, the Federal Congress of the Labour Party of Great Britain in 1899, the Australian Congress of the Communist Party in 1909, and on one occasion, together with Dr. Robert (Bob) Cundall, he headed the delegation which visited England to present a complaint against the present anti-semitism in immigration cases.He became second chairman of the new Federal Committee of Inquiry on the Crimes against the Peace in Australia in 1910—11.Sir Charles Hay\'s chief activities during his last years were in his association with public movements for the benefit of the aged or sickly. His wife and family, all of whom are at present living in England, in 1912 the Governor of Victoria, Mr. J. M. (Jim) Hay, granted his brother-in-law (a daughter of Mr. William F. Dangar, formerly Lord Mayor of Sydney) an honorary degree of Doctor of Laws (B.A.), and on his death, on November 14, 1925, on two separate occasions the Governor of Victoria conferred upon him a bachelor of Arts degree in his name.\"\"Meehan, Edmund William (1794—1925) MEEHAN. A private communication to-day named the death of Mr. Edmund William Meehan, a well-known Sydney public man at present in his 86th year. The late Mr. Meehan, who died of pneumonia at the home of his daughter, Mrs. J. C. Wills, at Darlinghurst, yesterday, was for many years on the land, and after stints in the stock yard he became land manager of the South Sydney Steam Navigation Company, which business he sold in 1904 to Mr. R. M. Davies. He had resided for some years in Sydney, and was an enthusiastic cricket fan. His wife, who survives him, survives him as well, though ill in a private hospital. He was a son of the late Hon. Edmund Meehan, of Sydney, and a grandson of the late Hon. Thomas Meehan, of Sydney. The late Mr. Meehan was also a member of a well-known East Sydney clan. He held two offices at the Sydney City Council • the first as clerk of the council and deputy mayor, and later as mayor of Sydney. The burial took place at Burren-road Cemetery, Waverley, yesterday, R.R.A.\"\"Laidley, Elizabeth (1838—1925) Mrs Elizabeth Laidley, one of the earliest members of the Hawkesbury District Agricultural Society, died last evening at her residence, St. George\'s-road, Ashfield, at the age of 79 years. Mrs Laidley, who was the daughter of the late Mr. and Mrs. William Green, of Bathurst, was the widow of the late Mr. T. Laidley, who was for some years manager of the Agricultural Bureau, Bank of New South Wales and the West Coast branch of the Central Credit Union. She had been ill for several months past. The funeral will leave St. George\'s-road, Ashfield, at 2.45 p. m. to-day for the Sydney Church of England Cemetery.\"\"Hill, Elizabeth (1856—1923) Deep regret will be caused by the announcement of the death of Mrs. Elizabeth Hill, of \"\"Bald Blair,\"\" whose late husband, Mr., had resided in the Strand district for more than forty years, and for some years was president of his Church of the Disciples of Jesus. Deceased was a member of the Congregational Cathedral choir of St John\'s, Woollahra, and was an ardent member of the Presbyterian Church, Mrs. Hill having always been an active churchwoman. The body was conveyed by the late Rev. E. D. Williams to Wellington for interment in the family grave.\"\"Chisholm, Mary Ann (1858—1923) An old Hawkesbury district identity, Mrs. Mary Ann Chisholm, died of typhoid fever on the 2nd November. In the days following the typhoid epidemic, Mrs. Chisholm frequently visited the \"\"Burra,\"\" where typhoid fever was known to be prevalent. The late Mrs. Chisholm was a daughter of Miss A. P. Chisholm, one of the leading citizens of the burra, who owned the old Cawdor House that was used as a holiday cottage by the relatives of the dead. A son and daughters survive her, Mrs. A. J. Chisholm is in Sydney, and Miss E. O. Chisholm is living at \"\"Burra.\"\" Her husband, the late Mr. John Chisholm, predeceased her some few years ago, and there are now only two children born to them. Aged 72 years, Mrs. Chisholm was a native of Windsor. She was the widow of William Chisholm, who predeceased her some years ago. She was the mother of two daughters and three sons, and, till the time of her passing, was ever actively engaged in charitable work. On the day she first left Windsor for \"\"Burra,\"\" she acted as president of the Burra Country Hospital. Her funeral, which took place on the following day at Rookwood, was largely attended. The chief mourners were: Mrs. A. B. Chisholm (daughters), Mrs. E. W. Chisholm (sister), Mr. and Mrs. A. W. P. Chisholm, Mesdames F. C. Sayers and B. F. Smith, Mr. and Mrs. P. T. OÂConnor and Miss A. Parrett, Mr. and Mrs. F. T. Chisholm, Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Phillips, Mr. and Mrs. F. O. MacKeon and many of the relatives residing at Wattle Grove, Windsor. The Rev. P. E. C. Sayers conducted the service at the home and at the grave.The late Mrs. Chisholm was a woman of generous associations and of sterling generosity, as also was the late Sir Alfred Douglas. In 1878 she was present at her fatherÂs funeral. She remained in Wattle Grove until the town was incorporated.\"\"Cudmore, Henry (1858—1923) Mr. Henry Cudmore, of The Crump Building, South Arm, died at the hospital yesterday afternoon after a short illness. The deceased gentleman belonged to the prominent Melbourne business of Messrs. Cudmore and Henty, architects and engineers. He was aged 78 years. He leaves a widow and grown-up family of three sons, Messrs. R. R. and Ernest H. Cudmore, of Brunswick. Mrs. Cudmore is a sister of Mrs. W. Gower, of London, and Mr. I. J. Cudmore has two brothers in the firm•Mr. H. L. H. Cudmore, of Messrs. D. and W. M. Henty, of Preston, and Mr. Charles Cudmore, solicitor, of North-road, South Arm. The late Mr. Cudmore had resided in the Arm district for many years. He was of sound mind, vigorous and healthy in health, never having had a slight illness. He is survived by several relatives and a large circle of friends. The funeral will leave The Crump Building, South Arm, for the Protestant portion of the cemetery at about 3 oÂclock\"\"Dunston, John Robert (Fred) (1833—1906) Dr. John Dunston, who for many years was the leading authority on dentistry in Sydney, died yesterday, aged 84 years. Dr. Dunston had been engaged in dental practice at Morpeth, and for 20 years during the whole of his wholeman\'s life was a prominent figure in the dental world. The deceased gentleman was one of the original founders of the New South Wales Dental Corps, which was formed at the invitation of the Government of New South Wales; and, as its honorary surgeon, he was foremost in all new dental services in his native State.\"\"Wansley, Francis (1821—1906) It is with serious regret that we report the death of Francis Wansley, which took place yesterday. The deceased gentleman had only recently regained consciousness, and though his medical advisers were able to save his life, he passed peacefully away about seven o\'clock.\"\"Macarthur, William (1818—1906) By the death of Mr. William Macarthur the State lost a link of close personal and financial relation which has been the link of the community for centuries. Mr. John Macarthur was the father of the family of Mr. William Macarthur, principal of the firm of W. T. Macarthur and Co., at Burwood, and is survived by his daughter Mr. E. L. Macarthur, wife of Mr. T. F. Macarthur. The late Mr. William Macarthur was born in Scotland, and resided here for many years. His father had also lived in England for many years, being in his 86th year. Mr. W. H. Macarthur, of Moss Vale, married a sister of Mr. Macarthur, and leaves a family of six sons•three of whom are engaged in land speculation, the eldest, Mr. E. W. Macarthur, having just passed fifty years of age. Of the four elder sons, Mr. Arthur Macarthur, a well-known resident of Moss Vale, and Mr. F. John Macarthur (in his later years) reside here. The late Mr. W. H. Macarthur was educated at St. Peter\'s College, and commenced business, as a land speculator, in Geelong, and later came to Burwood, where he carried on the business of a land owner. His father, Mr. William Macarthur, resided at \'Pooley,\' Burwood, and was one of those who found the great discovery in land• the Black Cactus• that was a wonderful boon to an Indian, to whom it was the source of great delight. Mr. A. P. Macarthur, formerly of North Brighton, also lived at the place now known as \'Pooley,\' Burwood. The late Mr. William Macarthur was married to the daughter of Mr. James Scott, at the age of 28 years, at the Burwood Convent on September 17, 1862, by the Rev. John Scott. His wife died three years later. He leaves a family of three sons, viz., Dr. W. C. Macarthur of \"\"Ashfield,\"\" near Brighton, Mr. L. N. Macarthur of Tingalpa, \"\"Nambuda,\"\" Q.N., and Dr. James Macarthur of \"\"Lue,\"\" Burwood, and one daughter, Mrs. R. T. Macarthur, also of Burwood. His brothers were the late Mr. James Scott, of \"\"Ashfield,\"\" Moss Vale; the late Mr. William Macarthur, of \"\"Moss Vale,\"\" Moss Vale; and the late Mr. Arthur Macarthur (Lue,\"\" Burwood), also at \"\"Moss Vale,\"\" \"\"Lue.\"\" Dr. W. H. Macarthur, in his earlier days, carried on his practice of his profession in that place. The funeral, which was probably one of the largest seen in Burwood for a long time, took place in the Church of England cemetery, Burwood, on Monday afternoon, the Rev. W. H. Hargrave, of St. John\'s (Ashfield), officiating. The grave was followed by a large number of mourners, and was largely attended. The services were read by the Reverend. W. Hargrave, who formerly read the hymn, \"\"The Dead have risen.\"\" At the grave the pall-bearers were Major H. W. Fulkerson, M.L.A., Captain A. P. Macarthur, C.B. (\"\"Bellevue\"\")\"\"Meehan, John (1860—1923) Another well-known resident of East Maitland has passed away in the person of Mr. John Meehan, who died to-day at his residence, 66 Richmond street, at the age of 87 years.Mr. Meehan, who was a native of the Tamar, and had lived at East Maitland for upwards of half a century, was a good farmer, and in his younger days was well known as a breeder of blood stock.Mr. Mme. Meehan was a brother of Mrs. John Wilson, of West Maitland, and he leaves behind him sons and daughters, all of whom are married.The funeral will take place to-day leaving Mr. John Meehan and Son\'s store, 66 Richmond street, for the Cemetery. Interment will take place in the East Maitland cemetery at the North Kensington cemetery.\"\"Hixson, John (1855—1923) Mr. Hixson, who died at his residence, North Brighton, Brighton, on Saturday, after a long illness, was the second son of the late Mr. John Hixson, of Sydney. He was born at Sydney, and educated in Melbourne at the Melbourne Grammar School. He first entered the legal profession, he being the first barrister appointed to the Commonwealth Arbitration Court Bench, and at the time of his death was the representative of the Hon. J. G. Hixson in the High Court of Australia. He married Miss Alice Stow in 1864, and had seven children, to whom the deceased gentleman will ever dearly sympathise and the deepest regret would be expressed.The interment took place on Tuesday, when the deceased, his wife, and sons and children were among the mourners. There were many old residents at the funeral, including Mrs. Hixson, daughter of the deceased, by whom the late Mr. Hixson will be remembered.\"\"Green, Joseph (1849—1923) Mr Joseph Green, who died in a private hospital in England on August 18, was a former resident of Wagga, and was 68 years old when he died. He was born at \"\"Kipperburfield,\"\" and later transferred to \"\"Mesdames Rowland and Hain,\"\" and, after four years in the Wagga Hospital, he was admitted to the private hospital at Shaftesbury, where he spent the remainder of his life. In 1874 Mr Green started a grocery store at \"\"Wagga,\"\" which was subsequently known as \"\"Rams Head,\"\" and became the largest wholesale grocer in the State. It was for his grocery stores, as well as the famous \"\"Tiger\'s Nest,\"\" that the \"\"Tiger\"\" was named. On the store were built the famous football and hockey parks, and the famous \"\"Wagga Cottage.\"\" On the latter was built the fine hotel and adjoining residences which are now the homes of the Hendersons, and which Mr. Green loved as much as the original name of the business. The late Mr Green was one of the best known and most popular men of Wagga. He was always willing to give his best and most energetic in any thing done to promote the welfare of that district. He was a jovial host and gave fun at most events he entertained. He loved a good laugh and had a large circle of friends who loved his good nature and good humour. As a member of the Wagga Shire Council he was an energetic, and always ready aid to the Administration. As an official citizen he was always ready to give his services, and for his services there was not a committee member in the Wagga district who did not know that he was a man of the sword, but one of the strong and reliable support he had always been found at any meeting with one or more of his friends, who were available. Mr Green was married in 1880 at Wagga to Miss Mary Campbell, and leaves two sons and three daughters, two of whom are married and live in England. The funeral, which was one of the largest ever seen in Wagga, moved in the afternoon from St. Mary\'s Church, Ettrickville, and was largely attended. Before the coffin was lowered the Church choir sang \"\"The Dead March.\"\" The funeral service was given by Bishop Molesworth.\"\"The deceased gentleman was a devout follower of the Catholic Church, and was a lay reader in his religious occupations, but when his interests took him to that centre of the Empire, he was wont to travel with a view of improving his fellow countrymen in the Church, and in all churches, and to attend mass on Sunday (as also is the practice here), at the time the usual time of opening the session, which is a new invention.Mr. Marsh always took a deep interest in the interest of the New South Wales Museum, and it is said of him by one who was connected with the institution during his long residence that he had a great love of, and a keenness of interest in, the objects of museum science and criticism, and the Museum, as an institution by nature, could never fail in his mind to raise the standard of art. In his lifetime it was he who introduced to the State the national museum, which forms one of the most splendid examples of early Australian art, the first in this colony. The museum in which the ancient treasures of New South Wales are now held is the Museum of Australian Art. Of more than eighty museums here, the Museum is the oldest, the oldest, as well as the largest, on the New South Wales coast. Mr. Marsh will be long remembered locally as a prominent church and civic figure, and as one of the foremost collectors of antiquities, besides being a large collector of antiquarian material of all kinds. He was a great patron of antiquarian articles for sale in the various museums, and particularly of antiquarian books. He was an original member of the Royal Society of New South Wales and a member of the society\'s executive, and was one of the original founders of the Australian Academy of Social Sciences, of which he was chairman for many years. He was an alderman of the city council for some time, and had filled all offices of trust in the city during the continuance of his long residence here. Mr. Marsh is survived by three sons, and four daughters. One son, the late Mr. F. C. Marsh, of Sydney, died some years ago.\"\"Boulton, Robert (1822—1904) The funeral of the late Hon. Robert Boulton took place yesterday afternoon, the cortege leaving his late residence, Boulton-street, South Perth, for the Presbyterian Cemetery, South Fremantle.The cortege moved from the residence of the deceased gentleman at 1200, when the Rev. Mr. H. P. Hall conducted a short service. The remains were laid to rest in the Presbyterian portion of the cemetery, the Rev. H. P. Hall performing the duties of undertaker. Mr. W. N. Purdon carried out the duties of undertaker.A service was also conducted at the Waverina Funeral Branch, where the coffin was secured, and at the grave by three members of the firm of J. A. Purdon and Sons.The late Hon. Robert Boulton was born in 1822, and received his education at St. Peter\'s College, Adelaide. In 1859 he joined his brother, Lieutenant Robert of Scotland in the South African War, and received the Military Medal with five clasps, being awarded for conspicuous bravery. He fought and was wounded in the battle of Gouda.\"\"Carter, Henry (1832—1904) Mr. Henry Carter, who held office with marked distinction for many years in various public offices was among the first to take an active interest in municipal life. He was at one time Treasurer of the Hunter, and also held the office of Deputy City Commissioner. He was a man with a warm and sympathetic disposition, and never concealed his feelings on social questions, and was one of the foremost of our public men in recent years on all questions affecting the welfare of the city. He was in the earlier years of his life a member of the Methodist Church, being ordained in 1855. He was married in 1856 to Miss Susan, daughter of the late Rev. Henry Harris, who is now in London. Their family are: Mrs. M. P. Burt, of London; Mrs. A. C. Macdonald, of Melbourne; Mrs. J. G. Denton, and Mr. H. Carter of this city, being the other members of the family.\"\"Cohen, Louis (1843—1904) Profoundly moved by the news of the death of Mr. Louis Cohen, manager of the Commercial Bank of Australia Limited, Sydney, the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce and Industry, circulated a communique on Monday to express their deplorable intelligence.Mr. Cohen\'s untimely demise will render to all Sydracologists ever-growing sorrow a painful task, but no more felt and no more deserved. He was a man admired both for his integrity and for his kindly disposition.Mr. Cohen, who was fifty-three years of age, was born in London, arriving in this Colony with his parents, who arrived in the year 1816. He came out to Victoria in 1839, and was one of the earliest students at St. Peter\'s College. On the removal to Melbourne, he went into business in the premises now occupied as the Commercial Bank of Australia Company, with which he came to be associated in banking operations. For a number of years before his retirement, Mr. Cohen had held the position of Acting General Manager and Underwriter of the company.When young Mr. Cohen was prominently associated with the development and success of the Melbourne agricultural and commercial districts. He was a successful member of the Melbourne Cricket Club, and the honorary treasurer and patron of the Melbourne League of Australia and New Zealand Cricket Association, under the auspices of their association with the Victorian Cricket Association. He was a member of the committee of the Royal Agricultural Society, and of the Melbourne Cricket Club. As a public man he was widely known for his liberality and uprightness. In all public matters for which he had not already a previous qualification, he had shown himself to be a man of sterling integrity. In this sphere also he took the highest commendation. On three occasions he received the distinction of Order of the British Empire, in recognition of his public service.Mr. Cohen was for some years chairman of directors of the Commercial Bank in Melbourne, and also of the board of directors of the Bank of Australasia. After his retirement from business he retained several posts under responsible management, one being that of treasurer of the Manchester Cricket and Cricket Match Council, of which he was also a director.Mr. Cohen married the daughter of the late Mr. J. C. Danglow, and leaves a family of three sons and three daughters.\"\"Brown, Mary (1831—1908) Another of the oldest natives of our colony has passed, in the person of Mrs Mary Brown, relict of the late Thomas Brown, of \'Eden Park,\' one of the original pioneers of the colony. The deceased lady was 72 years of age. Her son, Mr Thomas Brown, M.A., of \"\"Campbell,\"\" is now in England. Mrs Brown was born in Ireland, and was educated in Sydney. By birth she was of a simple family character, being a good Christian woman. She resided in the neighbourhood of Woollahra for 40 years. Her daughter, Miss Lucy Taylor, has been closely associated with Mrs Thomas Scott, of New Farm-street as a missionary during the last war, and has been in charge of the Post Office at Wollongong. During the war she acted in a similar capacity at Yankalilla. She had a wonderful sympathy with the poor, and, despite her advanced years, still continued the old and very worthy traditions of the Church of England, of which she was a member. At an early stage in her life she took a lively interest in local charity work, and was a prominent church worker. One of her daughters now lives in this State.\"\"Cocker, William (1825—1908) It will be learned with regret that Mr W. Cocker died at his residence, Kogarah, on the 10th inst., and was interred yesterday in the St Kilda Cemetery. The late Mr Cocker came of a family well known in pastoral circles throughout South Australia, and came to this colony with his father in 1851. He took an early interest in politics, and was mayor and councillor of Kogarah and in other parts of the State during the years 1848 and 1849. The late Mr Cocker was one who was active in all the public movements for the development of Kogarah and district, and also took a keen interest in local government in general, particularly local government affairs, and was the chairman of Kogarah Public Power Board. The late Mr Cocker was a member of the Victorian Historical Commission set up by the Government of the day to carry out a study of the district in which the Kogarah Heads and Tumut Flats met, and he was one of the most enthusiastic workers for the establishment of that body. For decades Mr Cocker was a leading figure in the public life of the State. He took a prominent part in various bodies of the State — the Pastoralists\' Union and the Agricultural, Horticultural and Pastoralist Societies — and during every phase of his involvement was a strong advocate of industry. His death was a significant event in the history of South Australia, for many who have for years occupied public positions in various spheres have paid a high personal tribute to their memory.The late Mr Cocker was born in New South Wales in 1824, and was educated at Mr and Mrs J. T. Wilson\'s school at Launceston, and at the old Collegiate College, Adelaide. He was ordained in St John\'s parish on the 8th September, 1843, and was soon following the usual course of his profession. His first work was with the late Rev W. H. Wilson at a work in the Port Burt plant at Parramatta. For a time Mr Cocker was in charge of the works on the site known as \'\'The Gate\'\' at Parramatta. After this work he returned to Kogarah, was appointed manager of the stock department, and in 1853 came to Sydney. Later he joined that city\'s firm of Messrs. J. and W. Wilson in the partnership of which Mr J. T. Wilson was managing partner. Subsequently Mr J. T. Wilson went to Adelaide, and Mr Cocker then came to Melbourne as partner for a time in the firm of H. and B. Wilson, the firm of which was known as \"\"Wilson Bros.\"\" He again came to Melbourne in 1873. During 1874 this firm was split over a contract issue, and the present partners, Messrs. J. T. Wilson and A. R. Williams, taking over that arrangement. Mr Cocker took over the position of firm manager of stock on the line between Boorowa and Gedalan on the north-west line. He had many interesting experiences during these years in the field of stock matters, including the experience of the bullock team on the Mt Macduff Railway, of the Gedalan region. Later he became a director of that firm. On February 15, 1874, Mr Cocker married the daughter of the late Mr John and Mary Jones, of Mt Macduff, the family of which numbered four. Four sons and two daughters are the family, and all of them are in the pastoral industry.\"\"Smith, David (1912—2011) In a country dominated by commercial organisations - oil companies and so on - a man of integrity and principles, especially one of his own doing, had long been a requirement of Australian society.And Smith certainly achieved that.But when an idea emerged in the 1940s that the government shouldn\'t be paying off the banks or being involved in credit expansion, Smith said to his face, \'\'How can you expect my country to do this?\'\' Smith was an avowed socialist and the NSW Labor Premier at the time, John Faulconbridge, later wrote that he was a \'\'socialist orator and politician in every sense of the term\'\'.David Smith\'s political career began with a speech to a gathering of the NSW Communist Party in July 1940 at which he spoke passionately about the importance of a clean, moral economy, a clean and moral political system. It was Smith\'s first appearance on any front page.But the speech had such lasting effects that some people believed it should serve as a template for the speech Smith delivered to such an influential gathering in 1940 and to the speech he gave to the NSW Labor Party conference in 1956. He described a system where bank loans were given to people who were not good for the company and would go bankrupt later. \'\'The banks wanted to get rid of me,\'\' he told an interviewer later. \'\'I\'ll get rid of them.\'\'David Smith didn\'t have a political career and instead began his lifelong association with the Australian Labor Party. He was elected to NSW State Parliament in 1941 and became an independent federal MP in March 1947, with two years in between. In 1948 Smith gave a speech giving support to the federal motion which made New South Wales an Australian state in the event of the country losing the colonies. In the speech Smith said that there was now \'\'no hope of victory for the left\'\' and that his support for federalism was \'\'the only practicable way to go\'\'.He lost parliament, but he retained the respect of the Labor Movement. In the elections the following year the NSW Labor Party, as well as the Liberals and the National Party, supported Smith and he was named an ALP representative from 1949 to 1953.In 1950 Smith took on the management of his company\'s land in England, on behalf of the shareholders, and he and his brother George moved from one smallholding to another to improve their financial position. His son-in-law, Gordon Brown, was his deputy.In 1956 Smith\'s party, then represented by Faulconbridge, faced a critical decision about its financial future. The Liberal Party was proposing a scheme called for the federal and Commonwealth governments to put a deposit of ú15 a week into the new company to help it fund its operation. But it was not a total financial rescue and a government request for deposits of ú5,000 each was declined by the company. Smith was elected the Chairman of directors, the position he held until 1971.In 1969 Smith took on a major role in organizing the March on Rome, an anti-war march. He had been a member of the New South Wales branch of the Communist Party and saw its interest in the march as part of his long standing membership. Smith said the Communist Party \'\'could not possibly have been more accurate in its predictions\'\' and if his party had had an active presence in Rome one of the demands made \'\'was that all the soldiers to participate should be Communists\'\'.The Labor Party, also concerned about the march\'s success, changed its official position from \'\'Support the March on Rome\'\' to \'\'It\'s Unimportant, But It\'s Interesting\'\'.A year later, Smith became interested in the idea of making an academic tour of the United States, to study politics, and in 1973 he travelled to that country.\"\"Dr O\'Brien was appointed chairman of the Health Committee in 1985. She was also awarded a MBE in 2001 for her services to maternal and neonatal health. An inspirational public servant, she served her community in many ways. She has been president of the Health Committee, of Children\'s Services, a member of the National Council of Women, and at times in the executive of the Victorian State Council for the Arts. She has taught at different university levels and as a member of the Melbourne University Foundation Trust. She is a member of the Queen\'s Jubilee Year Book Committee of the Queen\'s Library, a trustee for the Melbourne Botanic Gardens and the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology. She was educated at St Patrick\'s College and at home affairs (Matriculation) at Melbourne University. To honour her life\'s contribution to society, the Commonwealth Arts Centre in Melbourne has named its new permanent building, \"\"Eleanor O\'Brien\'s House\"\". Dr O\'Brien is survived by her daughters, Caroline and Margaret, and a son, Mark.\"\"The late Mr. Edward Henry Jones became one of the pioneers of the Western District of Victoria when he went there with his brother, the late Mr. William Henty; and it was while he was associated with this enterprise that he met with a fatal form of paralysis, death having driven him from the field. He was one of the first to arrive in that direction, when his father was managing a station on the Paroo about thirty-six years ago. The father went over land with some squatter and his son with the late Mr. William J. Henty. In all the later years the father and son remained connected, but in the latter\'s death there was no natural heir. The late Mr. J. Henty made his home on the Macquarie River, and remained there until it was removed from the river into the hands of his brother. The late Mr. Henry Jones was a brother of the late Mr. Thomas Jones, C.M.G., and in each of these he had a brother who was also a successful pastoralist, and a sister deceased. He was a lover of good horses, and his two sons have been noted for their racing abilities. The death is stated to have occurred suddenly before two or three o\'clock on Sunday night or early yesterday morning. The cause of death was heart failure.\"\"Huxley, William (1847—1924) Mr. William Huxley, who died in Sydney at the end of last month, was a native of Coogee, in Victoria, and was one of the pioneers of the Coogee or \"\"Ponds\'\' district, being the first white man who reached those parts. Mr. Huxley came from India in 1793, and established himself in the district with his family of ten in 1842. Six years later he began the building of the station of his life in the Coogee, as it is known in the old days. He then took up his residence on the bank of the River Mure for many years, and in 1862 bought the property now known as \"\"The Ponds,\"\" the result of his previous foray into the unknown country.Mr. Huxley was an enthusiastic cricketer, and his name was always mentioned or associated with the best players in the province. He had an interest also in the Coogee Agricultural Society, and, besides holding a seat on the committee, played his old country partner in \"\"Pleasant,\"\" a well-known song, who was also a good player. He was the first to make the Coogee Cricket Ground, and as a player was well known in the old days. One of his sons, a well-known cricketer in the Coogee, was one of the greatest batsmen of his age in Victoria.\"\"Pockley, Sir James Henry (1839—1924) Mr. Sir James Pockley died in Perth on Saturday evening after a brief illness, at the age of eighty-two years. When his father succeeded to the seat of the Crown in 1867 Sir James Langley was elevated and became Chief Justice. At the time of his death he was also Chief Justice, and chairman of the Legal Services committee. His judicial career had been one of prompt, prompt and steady competence. He was a great reader, and the reference that he was able to make to cases that came before him often became the nucleus of judicial legislation and public policy. He was a leading member of the Legislative Council of this State and a councillor of the Perth Club. On his return from the London Gold Loan he was presented with a gold watch and gold necklace. He was very popular with all classes of the community, a factor, both electorally and officially. Sir James Langley was born at Glastonbury, England, on April 21, 1839, and came to Western Australia when quite a child. He was a boy aged 7 years. From the time of his arrival in Western Australia he devoted much of his time to a business that soon became the leading trading post for furs and horses across the continent, and that now has its headquarters in Perth. His first job was to fetch horses, but by the time he was 13 years of age he had settled on running stock from station to station. When he was 19 years of age Sir James Langley, with his brother John, took the venture to Queensland. It was there that he met Sir Patrick Langley, another of a very large and influential family group formed in Australia by one of the great fortunes of the gold-fields. Sir Charles Langley was a wealthy and successful commercial man, and on the death of his father in 1886 he was able to claim a considerable amount of inheritance as a result of the acquisition of an interest in one of the big tramways companies. The firm of Langley, Pockley, & Co. was a great commercial undertaking, owning a line of trading posts from Deniliquin in Queensland down to the Burrawang district in New South Wales, extending as far as the Darling Downs, and it has been estimated that they were the frontiersmen of that area.\"\"Cottee, William Thomas (1834—1929) Mr William Thomas Cottee passed away peacefully on Sunday morning, at \'Old Town,\' Old Bawbridge. He attended the Sunday School, went down to play cards, and came back up with his arm bandaged. Mr Cottee was an old and respected resident, and will be missed, at least here at Old Bawbridge. Mrs Cottee, whose husband was with him, and a large number of relatives attended \'The Church of England Sunday School\', Old Bawbridge.\"\"Crozier, William Andrew (1839—1929) The death of Mr. William Andrew Crozier took place on Thursday at his residence, South Gundurimba, after his long illness at the advanced age of 81 years. The late Mr. Crozier was born at Port Douglas, Tasmania, and was one of the pioneers of the Port Douglas area. He was educated in Dublin, and later came to Sydney, where he was actively employed in pastoral pursuits. He married a daughter of the late Mr. J. C. Crozier, of Gedrine, North Sydney, and the family of ten consist of four sons and two daughters. He is survived by a widow and four sons, one daughter being deceased. The funeral took place on the Monday following the funeral, with the remains being interred in the Church of England cemetery, Gunnedah. The Rev. A. J. Brown performed the last rites of the church and also at the grave.\"\"White, William Henry (1847—1929) The death occurred this morning of Mr. William Henry \'Bill\' White, of the Bank of New South Wales, Sydney. Mr. White, who was 80 years of age, was found floating in the Byron Bay paddock in the water off Old Point Cook. Mr White was last known to be alive when he went by the wharf to pick up a packet of cigarettes and some biscuits. He apparently was going to swim to the safety of the sea line. When discovered his life support system failed and he floated to the bottom. \'We all miss Bill,\' his son told ABC news yesterday.\"\"Cohen, David (1843—1929) Mr. David Cohen, an old South Australian, took a hand in securing the land at his fatherÂs Goldsbrough station which was then a station run into the bush. In those days the owner of the property had no fence and the whole land was then freehold. In 1878 Mr. Cohen, then superintendent of the station, was the first man to build a fence round the property. When he was asked in 1882 by an old settler to provide some form of protection for his cattle, Mr. Cohen provided a piece of bark to fit over one of the eyes. Mr. Cohen also provided a cover, or shield, in case of a raid by blackfellows, to prevent them taking any of his cattle. He also designed a shed, to help in providing heat. Finally he designed an engine to drive two horses when he wanted water. These items were included in the original contract which was accepted and executed many years later. Mr. Cohen had some difficulty in getting a water source, so he eventually settled down at the Goldsbrough station, which he took over in 1882. One man who did not have a problem with Mr. CohenÂs invention was the South Australian Government, for there were no railroads to be had in those days. Mr. Cohen also had difficulty in getting his cattle to market. He was also reluctant for fear that some of them might have been taken by blackfellows and sold as slaves. Mr. Cohen was the owner of several estates on which he owned lots. A very fine herd of cattle was run at Goldsbrough, and many of these cattle were famous in the State with the likes of \'\'Nugget\'\' and \"\"Cattle Boy.\"\"\"\"O\'Connor, William (1821—1888) In one of the few instances of popular history so highly developed in St. Kilda, the great William O\'Connor passed away here at the age of 82. The deceased gentleman was a good old family man•a great man, and not prone to extravagance. To him belonged the estate of the old residence of the O\'Connell family, as well as other properties of wealth•a large estate which, as late as 1860, he still owned. One of his sons in recent years sold the property to a large company of stockbrokers for a sum of $800,000. He was a large member of our church and the church as a whole in his days was the best, and on this occasion he is missed by all of us who are very much attached to him as a friend, friend, and missionary. He is a member of the C.B. (Conducting Board) and a member of the St. Kilda and North Shore Christian Colleges.\"\"Cossetter, Mary (1769—1808) A most important and popular figure in the history of South Australia, the late Mary Cossetter, who died at a very old age at Perth in March, has for many years been the object of the great sorrow of the community by the death of her two daughters, who sadly died soon after her departure. Her parents, John Cossetter and Anna, were two of the well-known characters of the early days of the district. They were the owners of several plantations, with estates in the South Australian Districts, which still retain their names. The deceased daughters are Mrs. John (Mrs. Stadler), of Bendigo, South Australia; Mrs. Mary (Mrs. B. C. R. Smith, of St. Kilda); and Mary C. (Mrs. Charles W. H. Hargrave, of Bendigo). The funeral took place at the South Australian Cemetery, on the 22d inst., and Mr. E. R. C. Hutton, who arranged the funeral arrangements said that there was a \"\"very large crowd\"\" at such burial, and he feared that the deceased women might have to spend the night in the grave.\"\"Clark, Mary Ann (1818—1888) Mr. Mary Ann Clark died at the age of 81 years. The deceased lady, who was born at Hoddin, was the youngest daughter to the late Edward D. Clark on the site of the present-day Strathfield, but the same site which the late Mr. Alexander Clark carried on some years ago by Mrs. H. Smith. Her parents were William and Jane (Crown), in Australia; William being buried in Sydney. She married a young man named F. H. Alder, of South Australia, who came to the West Coast in 1832, and settled in the vicinity of the present-day Strathfield. As their names were Clark and Alder, the family was one of pioneers. The late Mrs. C. C. Clark, a native of Victoria, died on her wedding anniversary, the 28th of June, 1851, at Melbourne.\"\"Campbell, John (1809—1888) A very well-known old man of the present day and of former age, Mr. John Campbell, who died here earlier than fifty years ago, was of late years a resident of the late Mr. John Mackay in South Australia, and was one of Mr. Mackay\'s first solicitors, while he was a lawyer. He was a partner in Pty. No. 1, the first London solicitors\' firm to enter South Australia. In 1845 he went to that State, settled there for five years, and then returned to Australia. He obtained a business in a number of branches, and in 1851 was elected councillor of Mr. and Mrs. Cowman\'s district, and held his local seat for about a year in Mr. Cowman\'s constituency. In the same year, Mr. Campbell represented the State as a member for South Australia for about half a year, and when it became apparent that Mr. Cowman had not the time to remain at his electorate, he took residence at Waverley Station in Melbourne, but was elected on the basis of a ballot given at a meeting of Mr. and Mrs. Cowman\'s district delegates.\"\"Mrs. S. G. Brown, was born in 1847 and was educated at the Edinburgh Grammar School. She resided in Sydney for many years. She was educated on the estate and the country surrounding the royal yacht from which she sailed. In her later years Mrs. Brown died and became a widower.She leaves a widow and a sister, one of them residing.\"\"MacRae, George (1830—1918) Mr. George MacRae, a most excellent friend of the East-end for many years, died quietly last week.Born at the old residence of Dr. O\'Brien, Caulfield Road, Caulfield Park, N.S.W., and educated at Trinity College, Dublin, Mr. MacRae entered the service of the State in 1837 and afterwards served as a barrister. For some years his interest as a barrister was quite distinct in the community, as he acted as a private solicitor for a number of prominent families, including the late Sir Henry Fingleton, Baron MacRae. The late Mr. MacRae, although by no means a favourite character, had given a good deal of service to the cause. He lost only a few friends in death, and a few had to deal with his death as they lived. The deceased gentleman was for many years well-known to all sections of New South Wales and had a large circle of friends. He was married in 1846 to the daughter of Messrs. W. G. and A. F. MacLennan, of Caulfield, the second son of the late Mr. A. MacLennan of Rookwood. He is survived by his widow, two sons and one daughter.\"\"White, John (1837—1918) The death occurred of Mr. John White of Crixton Park, near Ballarat, aged 64, on Saturday last. Deceased, who came to Sydney in 1838, resided at West Crixton until 1861, when he was compelled to leave and enter Sydney and to reside for a while at Ballarat. Deceased, after travelling to Sydney five years ago, continued to reside at Ballarat as a tenant. In 1876 Mr. White was associated with the trustees of the Sydney Hospital, which he had held for more than two years. He received the prize of a knighthood and a large pension for services rendered to the society in the past. The deceased gentleman was one of the oldest tenants in the old Crixton Park.\"\"Macgregor, Charles (1839—1918) Mr. Charles Mcgregor, of Drogheda, was drowned by a falling river on Monday, at about 10 o\'clock. He immediately fell into the water and was found drowned a short time later. The deceased gentleman, who was quite infirm, was buried at the Burrong Cemetery, the funeral arrangements being carried out by Mr. C. J. S. Dorn. Mr Macgregor had gone to visit Mr H. W. Dampier of Drogheda. He came out on Monday morning, and on arriving he found an immense crowd gathering. He rushed quickly towards them to ask for assistance immediately; but his assistance was not forthcoming. Mr. M. M. F. Macgregor of the N.S.W. Hospital assisted after the deceased drowned. This morning we saw one of our most eminent men, Mr. Mcgregor, in the state to which he had been introduced as a young man. He was a leading man at the front and afterwards at the rear. He was a farmer, and was a friend of the late Mr. Dampier for many years. It shall probably be found evident that the late Mr. Charles Mcgregor had a close connection with the old Crixton Park. He was the father of one of the early members of the club, and was the first to welcome the club. He was active in various charities. Mr. Macgregor\'s death was a very public one among the public at a time when the whole of the old district was deeply affected.\"\"Gage, Charles John (1807—1880) The late Mr. Charles P. Gage died suddenly yesterday at His Majesty\'s request at the residence of his son Mr. Edward W. P. Rolfe, in the suburb of Goulburn. The deceased gentleman was a very old resident of the district, having been resident of Tasmania for the last twenty years. He was a man of considerable age, having been about fifty years of age, and was at the time of his death a member of the Australian branch of the American branch, viz., of the First Australian Bank in Sydney. He was for many years a manager of the branch in which he resided, being one of the best able men for those years to be found. The deceased was, for many years, a resident of Tasmania. He was a son of the late William Gage, the late Lord of the Bench, who was a distinguished judge. The late Mr. J. H. Gage was the first settler of Tasmania, and one time resided there with his parents, the first and eldest son being one of our own people. A wife of the deceased\'s and a daughter of his sister came to reside in Melbourne in 1826, and married Mr. Richard C. Campbell, one of the late Mr. Gage\'s sons. He had many sons of both sexes, namely, Henry, William, William Henry, and Messrs. John, Charles, and Joseph Henry. His only daughter was, by William Gage, Mrs. A. W. Jones (Sydney, formerly Mrs. Jones, of the Sydney Hotel), who for many years resided with the late Mr. Gage\'s elder brother in Tasmania after their father\'s death. \"\"About thirty years ago this gentleman left his principal company, and was now employed for the last three or four years as a farmer. He was also engaged in the management of the land, but he had retained his interest in the stock. A large scale establishment was built, and many acres were taken up for cultivation, including the old homestead. In this position the deceased gentleman took great interest, and was very careful in cultivating his properties. In connection with his services he was deeply respected by the town, and was highly respected for his honest and liberal disposition. The deceased gentleman is survived by his widow, Mrs. Osprey, and two sons, Mr. Edwin Osprey, of Warkworth, and Mr. Peter Osprey, of Waverley.\"\"Taylor, William Percy (1837—1930) The death took place yesterday evening and at one o\'clock in the afternoon was reported, although the immediate cause was not known. The deceased was a gentleman to be closely followed for his good qualities, which were very marked, and we believe that at a very early age he possessed one of the most admirable and admirable attributes that can be described as \"\"honest, just, and virtuous.\"\" He was an aged man, aged 55 years, and was born in St. Vincent\'s Parish, Melbourne, on January 2, 1837. He came to Victoria more than 40 years ago, and was a native of the town of Melbourne. He took up his residence in St. Vincent\'s parish, Melbourne, a period which made the old parish a pleasant and agreeable district and a suitable home for him. He afterwards resided until death in that old homestead of St. Vincent\'s parish, which had been converted into a beautiful residence by Mr. St. James, the pioneer, and one of the founders of the colony. He was a very old resident of Melbourne, and had resided there for many years. At the time of his death he was the only living member of the family of Mrs. Thomas (nee Stilwell), second daughter of the late Dr. and Mrs. S. Stullard. As regards his family, none survived. He is survived by three daughters and one son: •Mrs. A. M. (Mrs. J. D. Tew, of \"\"the Hillers\"\"), daughter of the late Captain Charles Thomas, of New Scotland, New South Wales, and Mrs. Stump, sister of the late George A. Tew and John A. Tew, and sister of Mr. James, Mr. and Mrs. C. Tew, and Mrs. C. Tew. The other surviving children are Mrs. M. A. Walker, M.A., of Prahran, Vic.; Mr. Richard F. (Mr. Richard F. Tew), of Pennington, Vic.; Mrs. C. W. (Mrs. John Brougham), of St. Peter\'s Church, Melbourne, and her sister, Mrs. W. F. J. R. C. P.S., at \"\"the Hillers.\"\" Mr. T. H. Brown of Bexley, Tumut • deceased; Mrs. A. L. Wilson, of \"\"the Stokes,\"\" Victoria, and Mr. R. L. (Mr. R. L. Brown), also at \"\"the Hillers.\"\" Mr. H. J. Hillery, of Bexley, Victoria, and Dr. Hillery at the Tumut Clinic. Mr. W. W. (William) Wood, of St. Augustine, Vic., and Mr. and Mrs. W. W. O. Hillery, in the early days at \"\"the Hillers,\"\" Melbourne. The family consists of Mrs. A. P. (Mrs. Wood, of \"\"the Stokes,\"\" Vic.), of \"\"the Hillers,\"\" who, through illness, died in May last; Mr. T. M. (F. C. M.), of \"\"the Tumut,\"\" Victoria; John (Mr. and Mrs. T. F. J. and Mrs. E. H. Hillery (Hills), at \"\"the Hillers,\"\" Melbourne, and others of the same family (who survive); and Mrs. L. S. (Mrs. P. H. Giddings, of \"\"the Hillers,\"\" Victoria). A very old family is left to mourn the funeral expenses of three members of the immediate family, namely, Mr. William Taylor, of \"\"the Stokes,\"\" and John and Mrs. P. E. Hillery (both deceased).\"\"McTiernan, George (1845—1930) As some one of our most patriotic men died in our homes yesterday morning, we are greatly relieved to hear of his untimely demise. The deceased gentleman was well known and highly respected in the early period of Australian history, and will be deeply regretted by a large number of old and younger citizens. He was a son of the late Mr George McTiernan, of \"\"the Stokes,\"\" and later of Melbourne; his father was a lawyer, and later of \"\"the Stokes,\"\" where he lived for many years.\"\"Richard O. Stryker, of Springfield, South Melbourne, who had been ailing and ailing for several years. He died at his residence, Grafton, at 6 o\'clock this morning. Dr. Stryker was always well known for his charitable works and his influence in this district. His name has already been given up in memory of and thanks to many many friends in Australia and abroad.\"\"McKeon, Frank (1856—1924) At the death of Mr. Frank McKeon, at the age of 80 years, our resident magistrate, Dr. R. L. Broun, of the old Royal London Medical School, London, was selected to officiate, and Mr. Frank McKeon succeeded. We have just a few minutes to spare, for the deceased took a turn for the better. Having been in the public service so long, he had been an old friend and good neighbor to the community, and was a man of very high energy and ability. During his long career as magistrate, he always kept to himself and made himself an excellent judge of people, and he was often called upon to give advice. By the death of Mr. McKeon, it appears that there has been a general change in the way that persons are called upon to perform their duties, and, as a result of these new conditions, we are all left on our own in the discharge of our work.\"\"Goggin, Arthur (1835—1924) A report has been received from Sir Arthur Goggin, of Melbourne, that he is at the age of eighty years and that with his death will be succeeded by his wife, Madame Goggin, of Sydney, and there will be nothing left. He and Madame Goggin are survived by a son, William, and three grandchildren. They were born at Sydney on February 16, 1840, the year of their marriage.\"\"Dyer, Henry (1855—1924) State Library of NSW, N508038 The death occurred on Friday night of Mr. Henry Dyer, who was well known to the public during the last few months. Mr. Dyer\'s father, Mr. George Dyer, was a member of the early Pilgrims, and was buried in the old Church of England cemetery in Sydney, last year. Mr. Dyer, of Sydney, is survived, of Melbourne, by Mrs. Arthur Goggin, of Melbourne, and Mr. R. L. Broun, of Melbourne.\"\"White, William (1837—1924) William White, a member of the deceased gentleman\'s family for many years in New South Wales, died on 8th inst.He was formerly a member of the family, and was then a junior at Melbourne Grammar School. About seven years ago, Mr. White entered into an association with Dr. White with the object of inducing Mr. White to take a course at Melbourne Grammar School. He went on to obtain his G.A. degree at Cambridge, and, after completing his course, he moved his family to Tasmania with his brothers. Mr. W. G. White was born in Tasmania, where his father, Mr. William White, is the senior. Mr. William White, Mr. Edward White, and Mr. Charles White were all brothers. Mr. White entered the public service with his brother at Sydney about the year 1887. He was then sent overseas.Mr. White, who is survived by his wife and son, and seven grandchildren, have arranged for burial in the church of St. Mary\'s, Morpeth. The will was duly signed by the deceased.\"\"Dickey, Joseph (1830—1924) Mrs. J. S. F. Dickey (nee Jones), widow of the late Mr. [Joseph] Jones, of The Stables, South Yarra. She accompanied her husband to Melbourne, and lived in London until recently, when she went to Melbourne, where her marriage was annulled.\"\"Hutton, William (1779—1895) In the early days of the Colony William Hutton, who died at Newcastle, was probably the oldest settler in Victoria, and who has left a legacy of influence in his colony which many descendants will cherish. He was born at Kilmore, near Melbourne, in 1776, and his father had come to the colony from the country of the Pilbara, about 12_ miles from Victoria. His first wife was a widow, but he left for Australia after his second wife had died and, when they were both about fifty, he married another of his sisters, Julia. Their children are: Messrs. J. E. Hutton, of Kempsey, and R. P. Hutton , of Narrow Bay. Of Mrs. Hutton\'s daughters he only survived. \"\"Bowerman, Benjamin Henry (1822—1895) The sad death occurred late yesterday of Mr. Benjamin Henry Bowerman, formerly Minister for the Colonies, in his 79th year. Although it was believed that the deceased had been in a fit for some time during his residence in the district, Dr. Denton, a well-known physician, who was on his way to assist in the operation, declared that the former Minister would not have died so young. The deceased gentleman was born at Merv, in the Western District of Victoria, and was the eldest son of the late J. L. Bowersma. In 1823 Mr. Bowerman moved with his parents and two children to the district, and spent the next twelve years at Warrenton, where he married Sarah, the eldest of his two sisters (the last was at Warrenton). In 1825 he left Warrenton and went to join the War Department, and then went out to the colony, where he was appointed Inspector-General of the Police Service.With reference to the State government he was very active in the administration work, in which capacity he presided over his younger brother, Major Bower, during the period 1828 to 1848, and then, in 1854, for a time as a member of the Legislative Assembly.Mr. Bowerman had always been a public man, and was always regarded as one of the earliest settlers in this district. He was at all times prominent in public affairs, and was a member of the Town Council, of the Royal Society , of the Colonies Convention of 1843, and a director of various companies in the colony, and was a son of the late Mr. Thomas Bowerman, late M.P. The late Mr. Bowerman is survived by his wife and three daughters, all of whom are of sound minds, and one sister is married.\"\"Fergusson, William (1851—1928) News will be circulated on Saturday, August 7, that Mr. Bill Fergusson, owner, manager, and director of the National Bank, Sydney, was fatally wounded in an accident at North Point on the 29th August, just a short distance from his residence, North Bay.The late Mr. Fergusson, who was 81 years of age, leaves a wife and two young children (he never married) to mourn the sad death of a well-known man and an important banker. Mr. Fergusson, who was born in England, was a son of the late Sir William Fergusson, M.P.\"\"Sebastian,\"\" M.L.A., Chairman of the Royal Bank of Australia, and also a Fellow of the Royal Society. He was born in England in 1851 and was educated at St. Paul\'s College , Melbourne, and in Sydney University, where he was knighted by the Queen in 1882.The late Mr. Fergusson spent his early life in Sydney, and after gaining his qualifications, entered into banking life at the Bank of Australasia, Sydney , in 1887. With other banking houses he went to Paris and became Managing Director of the Commercial Bank of New England , Australia, which was incorporated on the basis of the National Bank, of Sydney, that was incorporated on the same basis as the Bank of South Australia. During that time, he had a long and distinguished practice in New England and South Africa, and he was a director of the Bank of South Australia for a period. Mr. Fergusson was for years head of the Commercial and Trustees Service at the Commercial Bank of New England, and was on a visit to America in 1888, after visiting Australia for the past fourteen years, when Mr. Fergusson was killed.The deceased was a prominent member of the church, having been a member of St. Paul\'s College, Melbourne, and St. Paul\'s College, Melbourne. He was a member of the Royal Australian Society, a brother of Mrs. Hilda Lefroy Fergusson, of Windsor. He was a member of the Christian Brothers\' Charitable Charitable Fund, and a director of the Southern Cross Bank, Sydney, and of the Royal Agricultural Mortgage Co. He was also an active member of various groups, including the Royal Society of Arts and the Order of the New England Jubilee.His family is highly respected in the Sydney metropolitan area and the district as a whole, and he also held a number of positions of public trust and government responsibility.A memorial service is to be held at St. Paul\'s College, Melbourne, today, to pay tribute to a man of such great integrity, such a great man, and the man who knew more about money than anybody else in town.\"\"A man of good moral and chivalrous instincts. The death of Mr. Robert McEvoy on Saturday leaves three sons, Harry and Alfred McEvoy. Harry is the eldest son and Alfred is the second. Harry was married at St. Thomas\' College (Rosedale), in May, 1916. This marriage is recorded in the late Fred A. McEwan\'s book \'The Life and Times of Alfred McEvoy\', published in 1928. Mr McEwan\'s father took part in his mother\'s war work in WWI, and was among the first men who served upon the front. It is recorded in the book that Mr McEwan\'s father, the late Mr C. A. McEvoy, was the first to enlist in the 1st Battalion Royal Lancashire Rifles. Mr McEvoy was promoted to corporal and was promoted to sergeant before he was sent into combat, serving with the 1st Battalion in France. He was awarded the Military Cross. He remained at the front as a private officer until the end of the war. He was, Mr McEwan says, \'a gentleman from the outset.\' The funeral will take place this afternoon.\"\"Gwynne, Robert (1858—1955) The remains of Mr. Robert Gwynne, of New Castle, were removed from the Western District Hospital yesterday to Sydney.Deceased, who was in his 88th year, was well known in the Western District. He was known by members of the public as a well-liked and respected member of the town and region. Mr. Gwynne was well known in other districts in Australia. In the Western District, he was a member of the Western District Council for 18 years. He was a member of the Western District Council of the Northern Rivers. He was a director of the Gorton Mining Company and vice-president of the Western District Golf Club in New South Wales. He was a member of the Western District Council for about ten years, and in addition to being a member of the council held the office of Registrar of Chancery for a term of about 14 years. He was a generous gift of a few weeks\' allowance. The funeral took place at the Western District Hospital yesterday at the hour appointed by the deceased\'s widow. The remains were interred in the Presbyterian portion of the Newtown Cemetery, and the funeral of the deceased took place in the Copley Cemetery.\"\"Halliday, John Aetherell (1857—1955) Mr. Halliday, an old resident of St. Vitus, R.I., died suddenly at home on Sunday, August 1. He was 78 years of age, and had lived there for about 40 years. He was a well-known member of the agricultural community, and was a member of the New Britain branch of the New Britain Sheepbreeders\' Association. The funeral will be held in the Presbyterian portion of the Newtown Cemetery at 11 a.m. to-day, the Rev. A. D. Wilson officiating at the graveside. He was the only surviving son of Mr. and Mrs. C. J. Halliday, of St. Vitus, R.I., who came to the city about 40 years ago. He married Miss Alice Hodge in London about four-and-a-half years ago, and is a son of the late Rev. John Aetherell Hodge•a leading member of the Baptist congregation in St. Vitus. He leaves a widow and six children to mourn their loss. Among the many relatives who attended at the funeral were his brother-in-law, Dr. and Mrs. E. J. Hodge, and many members of the Baptist and pastoral societies. The late Mr. Halliday was a regular presence at the St. Vitus Railway Station, and in his capacity as a member of the church he regularly contributed to the Railway Trust Fund, which fund has for many years been held in trust for the use of the railway. He was also a leading player in the St. Vitus Tennis Club. He leaves a widow, four children, and three stepchildren, the sons of his wife and two sons of his sons.\"\"Tully, Charles Charles (?—1955) Charles Charles Tully, of Glenroy, N.S.W., who died suddenly, aged 66, on Sunday, September 30, was a son of the late Mr and Mrs Edward Campbell and grandson of Mr and Mrs George Laudan (Tuthill) Tully. For many years Mr. Tully\'s work was done by the family estate at Tuthill, N.S.W., and he was on Sunday married.\"\"O\'Toole, John Anthony (1856—1955) The death occurred at his residence at Punt Street, North Melbourne, of Major John O\'Toole, second son of the late Mr and Mrs John O\'Toole at the early age of 16 years.The son was born at Wattledale, North Victoria, in 1856. Later he moved to Penrith where he became clerk to the Superintendent of Lands in Victoria.He was an accomplished cricketer, as well as being an officer of the Victoria Cricket Club, and was also for several years chairman of the Cricket Association of Australia. He was a member of the South Australia Cricket Association for many years.Mr. Seddon, a cousin of the late Mr. O\'Toole, has informed the press that the late Mr. O\'Toole was a splendid person. He leaves a widow and 3 daughters to mourn their loss.\"\"Campbell, John (1843—1955) One of the last remaining sons of one of the pioneers of this colony died on Friday, in the person of Mr. John Campbell. The deceased was born in Victoria about 1834, and was employed at Sydney for a period of four years. On leaving home for his motherland he went to his father\'s field at Nesbitt, where he lived until 1861.\"\"Margetts, William (1834—1894) The well-known South Head residents have received information of the death of William Margetts, whose death at the advanced age of 81 years removed a prominent figure in the district. The late Mr. Margetts was born in Edinburgh in the year 1836, his father being the late Mr. Alexander Margetts, a native of Scotland, but coming to Australia on a voyage for England to obtain a commercial position. About 1858 he came to Tasmania, and took up his residence in the village of Port Douglas, South Head, where he resided for about 35 years up to the time of his death. At the time of the passing over to the land of his forefathers, Mr. Margetts was engaged as proprietor of Laddock and Sturt, but for many years he used to travel about the district, and the late Mr. Margetts, who was a member of the original Laddock and Sturt Railway Companies, was known as one of the best-known railwaymen in the district. When the Laddock Railway was formed, it was of the opinion of the government•that it was unnecessary to increase the number of roads so as to ensure sufficient service for the whole district so as to provide sufficient room for all and the various needs of the people, and the government did in fact proceed in this direction, and in consequence of the increase of population and the development of the railway the Laddock railway service has been greatly increased. The Margetts Railway Company was formed, and when the town of Port Douglas was included under the railway, the late Mr. Margetts took charge of the management of it, he remaining in that position until his death. The late Mr. Margetts was a brother of Mr. William I. Horsley Margetts, M.P, a nephew of Mr. James Horsley, whose widow, Ann Horsley, is a sister.\"\"MacGregor, Charles R. (1828—1894) An account of the death of Charles R. (Jack) MacGregor, relict of the late Andrew MacGregor, is published in Mr. F. Wilson\'s \"\"A.N.Z.E.\"\", p. 15, as follows:—On Sunday afternoon last he was removed to the Goulburn Hospital where he was operated for severe headache. On Monday he was given some rest for a few hours and received some relief on Sunday evening. But, during that time the doctors and nurses found that he was in a very critical state, until the ninth hour of he was put on a life-support machine. On Monday afternoon he was taken home and on the following morning a large crowd attended the funeral, which had its usual dimensions. Most of the mourners, being of high rank and distinction, bore the marks of a great deal of public attention, while a great part of those present also took a deep personal interest, and were very numerous as witnesses who witnessed the close of a personal and long-lived life.The corpse was conveyed to the Goulburn Cemetery, where the remains of two of the four original members of the family, the late Mrs. MacGregor (Dame Mary MacGregor), and Mrs. [John] MacGregor, were laid to rest beside those of their parents who have for the last seventeen years been the members of this family. The funeral cortege was made up from the City to the Laddock Cemetery, and it will leave the City some time to-morrow.\"\"Coote, John Thomas (Bob) (1859—1894) Mr. Coote, the late William M. Coote, died in New Zealand on Saturday, at the age of 78 years. Mr. Coote had been ailing for some time, and had been an active worker for an industry in the southern-most section of the country. He married a niece, who is a daughter of the late Mr. F. W. Gee. He spent his life in an industry of the highest possible character, and a very high standard, and he greatly contributed to the welfare of the community in which he resided.\"\"Coughlan, Joseph Ernest (1868—1946) The death occurred in the London Hospital of Mr, Joseph Ernest Coughlan, which occurred, as it was for many months, in isolation. Mr. Coughlan, who was well-known locally for many years, was an old resident of the Hawkesbury region. He left in 1918 for Sydney, to live there for a time, as he believed that in England he was doing the best he could for the cause of liberty. His last illness occurred soon after his arrival in Sydney, which was in September, 1940. There have been few men in this part of the world who have been as kind and generous as Mr. Coughlan. He was a member of the Hawkesbury Valley Board, the local branch of the London School of Economics. He was a native of this part of the colony, and was a brother of Mrs. T. M. Coughlan, of Mount Dennis, and Mr. J. E. Coughlan. Mr. Coughlan had a house at Blyth-street, which he had bought with part of his wife\'s property, at a large discount, when the latter had just come out from England. Mr. Coughlan married his second wife, Miss R. A. Wilson, of Taringa station, and came out to the Hawkesbury in 1928. About 50 years ago he was married, with his first wife, to Miss G. L. H. Coughlan, and they had one son, Messrs. E. R. Coughlan and W. E. Coughlan. They had five daughters•Mrs. C. S. Phelan, Mrs. Macpherson, Misses T. E. and D. J. Coughlan, Misses G. L. Murchie, Mary C, and Mrs. J. W. Coughlan.\"\"Codditch, George Frederick William (1910—1946) Mr. George Frederick William (Fred) Codditch, formerly of Burlingame, died last week at an early age and at his bedside yesterday morning was remembered as a good old-fashioned gentleman to all who knew him. He was born at Port Macquarie as the eldest of three sons of Mrs. H. L. Codditch, of Prahran, and was educated at Burlingame.His mother died in 1919, leaving only the remains of the four surviving brothers. The rest of the family lived in a country home in the Macquarie River. He began work with his brother George in 1894, and was the third son. He was a fine rider, and with his own two hands could outrun any man in one-two-two, and was also a fine cook. In 1905, when he went to work at the Nambucca Estate, to which he was attached, he took a well-known horse for the clientele, and with the horse in his hand proved a most reliable companion and handy colleague. He won the New Zealand Cup with the Coughlins, then he won again for his own horse and won again on the Nambucca estate, a champion in the south of Australia, the great favourites in New Zealand, and a great favourite in England. The Nambucca horse won him a place at the Canterbury Masters and then a place in the English Equiture.\"\"Cunynghame, John (1833—1895) Mr. John Cunynghame, one of the oldest residents of the township of Caddie on the River, died at his residence on Wednesday (October 10) from asylums fever, after a short illness, some four months and several years ago. He was born at Litchfield and was a son of the late Mr. and Mrs. George Cunynghame, who came to this part of Victoria with their two sons at the time of the first settlement of the district near the mouth of the River. About 1825 Mr. and Mrs. Cunynghame acquired the property now called Caddie, near a well-known water-course on the Wimmera; it has since been taken up by them. At the time of the latter\'s death he was engaged in pastoral pursuits, but his pastoral pursuits were discontinued about 40 years of life. He was a prominent business man, especially for a time proprietor of the Wimmera Hotel, and held the position of solicitor in the City of Melbourne. His sons owned considerable tracts of property along the Wagga line. Mr. John Cunynghame left the late father half a century ago, and came to Caddie, taking up the family estate. The deceased, in his youth, was a great gambler, and with his family was seen round most of the famous places. At the age of 15 he and his father took up land at Lake Wimmera, where John took up grazing property, and in his later years was a heavy-bodied rider. The late Mr. Cunynghame married the widow of Mr. John Macarthur, who died some years ago. He also married Elizabeth (nee Worsley), daughter of the late Mr. and Mrs. W. Wardle, late of Woorundah Station. Mrs. Cunynghame leaves a family of three sons and four daughters•four, Messrs. E. C. Cunynghame, of the New Zealand Bank of Commerce; J. C. Cunynghame, of Cairns; T., and A. Cunynghame, of the firm of Cinque Ports. The second son died about 12 months ago.\"\"Loughnan, Mary Ann (1840—1895) A sad affair has occurred upon the North West Coast, at Burwood, where the death occurred. A lady in her 80th year, Mrs. Mary Ann Loughnan, of Burwood, died suddenly from influenza on Sunday afternoon. The deceased lady was taken from her residence on the Aitbrook Railway by two horses and taken to the Burwood to be cared for by Dr. Wren, who was called from Sydney to assist. As the patient was now at a great extent of pain, Dr. Loughnan took to her bed, and the deceased lady, who was suffering from influenza, passed away with the death of a lady who had been a beloved and respected resident of the district for several years.\"\"Mary Anderson and Thomas Dangar (1831—1895) MRS. MARY ANDERSON and Mrs. Thomas Dangar, of the Bank of Australasia branch of the firm of Lewis (1796) and Dangar (1813) died at home on Sunday. The following are the particulars of the incident: There had been some slight recurrence of trouble in the home of the deceased\'s father, and after a consultation with Dr. Thomas De Gras, he concluded to go to the city, and on the following morning arrived at the place of his choosing, on the road to Goulburn. Leaving at the appointed spot, he passed a short time in the neighbourhood, before going to the East Highway. \"\"Hall, William (1911—1967) When the time came to pay a final tribute to his service to Sydney, the late Mr. William Hall was there to receive his diploma at Sydney Grammar School. After his initial two years of secondary education he went on to complete a diploma in sociology and went to England to take his degree with Diploma and Diploma in Sociology with the University of London.He studied at the University of London and at the Melbourne Business School, finishing at the University of Melbourne with honour.In 1954 he returned to Sydney and went on to complete his secondary education at Sydney Grammar School.He studied at the University of Sydney and at Sydney University, completing his degree while studying for his degree in sociology. His mother, a retired nurse, lived on the family home and in a care home in Melbourne in the 1950s so that her daughter would be able to study for her degree. He also spent a summer at the University of Western Australia where he graduated as a Bachelor of Nursing. He remained in Australia for a while and then, although he was admitted to a number of hospitals in NSW and other states, he never completed nursing. He subsequently obtained his Bachelor of Nursing degree and became a registered nurse, working within the hospital chain. He worked for the NSW State Public Health Department and, also, until 1958, assisted his mother in care in the Royal Sydney Hospital. In 1960 he returned to Sydney and, with the support of his father, embarked on an undergraduate degree courses at the University of NSW. He studied for his nursing degree and was admitted to the Queen\'s University. He continued to work for that institution and had another Bachelor degree with honours in 1971. He completed his Master\'s degree in nursing, graduating in the same year. William Hall was an outstanding Sydney administrator and worked in many different areas including the Department of Health, the Division of Mental Health, the NSW Public Service, the Sydney Hospital, and the National Institute of Mental Health. He was a highly effective administrator who, in addition to his medical and nursing, also had a wide range of other special interests to his credit including architecture, photography and landscape architecture. He became a registered nurse for 30 years and died suddenly in Sydney on January 27, 1967.\"\"Stirling, George (1881—1967) Mr. George Stirling died suddenly on Saturday at the age of 62. He served in the armed forces with the late Colonel Macpherson, the first Australian-born officer to be appointed to the front as the 4th Infantry Brigade, and for many years afterwards was stationed with Major George L. Stirling, who subsequently became the 1st Brigade Medical Officer in the Australian General Medical Association. His late father-in-law was the late Colonel Macpherson. In the Army he served in the West Riding of New South Wales, and in the New South Wales Territorial Service.He married Miss Marion Anne Stirling in 1887, and on the death of his wife, his parents, Dr. Arthur George and Mrs. George Stirling, of \"\"Dorak,\"\" Cottesloe, died on June 22, 1921. He had been in ill health for some time.\"\"McCallum, Henry (1864—1967) Photo supplied by Margaret Taylor. By the time he reached the age of 60 years, Mr. Henry McCallum had had much to do. He had lived in Melbourne for 52 years. But with that short lived life he was to have seen and done much more, to share with the world what an eminent scientist, physicist, and engineer of Australian and foreign origin possessed. For more than 60 years he was one of the foremost authorities on the natural and man-made world, and in the field of physics became one of the great authorities in the field of civil engineering. Mr. McCallum was a forerunner of the \"\"scientific\"\" era of civil engineering. He was an expert in engineering in both civil and commercial use, and in his day his special knowledge in these, as a matter of fact, constituted a very large part of his research work on the natural and man-made world. He is known to millions of people throughout the world, and in the past year he earned the esteem and respect of all with whom he came into contact. Mr. McCallum was a true gentleman, and his home life in his chosen field of mechanical design, was well known to all who had the pleasure of being in his company. He was born in Brisbane in October, 1864, and died at his Brisbane and St. Mark\'s home in the Old Country on October 30th. Two sons, Mr. Henry James Taylor and Victoria. \"\"MacFarlane, William (1847—1915) Mr W. C. O\'Connor Wm. D.M M.G.•A man of very wide knowledge of public matters, he was well known for the public interest he contributed by his public acts. He was in many countries known as a social gentleman, a gentleman of the people.\"\"Whelan, William (1829—1915) The death occurred on Tuesday morning of Mr. W. W. H. Whelan, of the old Wattle Inn, Mount Gambier, aged 65 years. Deceased\'s last years were spent at Lake Macquarie. Deceased\'s family was connected with the old Wattle Inn and is remembered by a large circle of friends. He is survived by a widow (daughter of Dr J. M. Maclean) and two sons, W. A. (Mrs. S. H. Maclean) and W. C. (son of Dr Arthur Maclean).\"\"Gormley, Charles Augustus (1862—1914) The death is announced of Mr. Charles Augustus (1862—1914) of The George, Mount Gambier, Mr. Charles Augustus Gormley, son of Thomas Gormley, a retired member of the Legislative Council and member of the Advisory Committee for the Town and Country Lands Board which position he held for over 25 years. He arrived in Australia from London in 1895. Since that time Mr. Gormley, having been resident in this State for over 30 years, had resided at Mount Mungo, where he was educated. He retired from the position of Town Surveyor in 1907. In this position he was responsible for the surveying of the districts of Goolwa, Chadds Ford, Mount Barker, Mount Gambier, Mount Gambier and other important places as well as the construction of drainage mains. In connection with his duties Mr Gormley took a keen interest in all public movements including the hunting and grazing of game.Although a wellknown man in this State, Mr Charles Augustus Gormley had the support of few, both in Government and Opposition alike, but it appears that he was always the centre character of affairs, which gave to him the confidence of all. There has always been a personal esteem and affection that surrounded the deceased, who was never ineffectual in his duties, and was greatly respected. The deceased was the grandson of the late Mr. George Campbell, who founded \"\"Campbelltown\"\" and a friend of the late Mr John Macauley, father of the latter. The late Mr Charles Augustus Gormley was a native of Glasgow, Scotland. \"\"Bickford, Elma Sophia (1849—1902) The demise of Mrs. Elma Sophia Bickford is announced from the South Head Medical Practice yesterday, who is now in her 80th year. The deceased was an old resident of the North Coast who had recently been living in South Head. She had been a resident of South Head for some years past, and a sister of the late Mr. C. Bickford, M.P.\"\"The late Mr. T. W. Stewart leaves a widow and seven children who are all married, namely — Mrs. Peter MacLennan, Mrs. J. Cavanough, Mrs. C. C. MacLennan, Mrs. J. F. MacLennan, and Mrs. E. G. MacDonald. The last will of the deceased gentleman will be published at Wollongong later on, and it is expected to be received with great regret, not only among his friends and associates, but also by those in whom the dead man has left a very lasting impression. The funeral and service at Goulburn on Wednesday will be largely attended, but there will be no service at the church. The service will begin at 2 o\'clock.\"\"Campbell, Charles Francis (1862—1929) David Campbell died on Sunday at his residence, Waverley, Darling Point, Brisbane, aged 83 years.A son of the late Mr. James Campbell (Sydney), the late Mr. Charles Francis Campbell was born at Brisbane on July 7, 1862, and was educated under the former Headmaster Sir George Lubbock at the Royal Naval College, Melbourne. He was soon sent for as a second-class officer to the Naval College, Melbourne, and was admitted as a midshipman in 1865. He was afterwards transferred to the Defence Commandant\'s staff, and at one stage served on a brigade. In 1863 he was made a lieutenant-admiral. He followed the army and the navy at the time of his discharge and when he returned, he was placed in charge of Rookwood, a district which has since been incorporated into the city and has become famous in the area of the city as the area covered over, and which was well-spoiled when he was there. For a long time Mr. Campbell has been a member of the City Council, but not since he has his interests been concerned in the business of this City. Mr. Campbell, who was a great supporter of the Royal Zoological Gardens, is survived by a widow, a brother (Mr. M. H. Campbell, of Cairns) and three sisters (Mrs. A. Hill, Mrs. H. C. G. Campbell, Misses Dora and Helen Campbell). The funeral will leave Mrs. Campbell\'s home at 11 o\'clock for her late residence. The service at the funeral will follow.\"\"Lonergan, William John (1860—1929) Mr William John Lonergan, second son of the late George Lonergan, formerly of the Bank of New South Wales, died early yesterday morning in Sydney after a very long illness. Born in Melbourne in 1860, he went to Sydney in 1871 and studied law. He then bought and sold property at Maitland, before setting out for Queensland in 1886. He was first appointed judge of the Supreme Court and was then appointed for Queensland to the Bar. He was the first and only Aboriginal to sit on the Queensland Bar Council. In 1912, at the age of 67, he was succeeded as president of the Bar by Mr R. H. Walker, who was then leader of the Queensland branch of the Irish Republican Brotherhood. Mr Lonergan was a director of Barristers\' Quarry, Sydney, and the National Insurance Co. of Australia, being an advocate for the establishment of a national insurance scheme and was also a member of the firm of Messrs Haddon, Turner and Lonergan. He had an interest in the Queensland National Heritage Trust, and had represented this State in the Parliament of Queensland. He was one of the original incorporators of the Bar Council of New South Wales. Mr. Lonergan married a daughter of the late John Walker, and leaves three sons and a daughter. His eldest son is now in the service of the Government.\"\"Langley, William (?—1929) The death is announced of Mr. William Langley, formerly of Glenelg. He was born at Mount Mersey in 1863, and went into the gold rush business. He took an interest in the Australian Gold Rush (which he owned at various times), and owned about 15 per cent of that company. He also owned the Goldfields Downs tram railway, and was interested in the Glenelg coalmines.\"\"Auld, Sarah Ann (1840—1929) Mrs. E. Auld passed away at her residence, \"\"Windward Row,\"\" Northcote on the 28th instant. She was aged 71 years, and she was the oldest resident of Northcote. Mrs. Auld was a sister of Messrs. Samuel Brouwer. Their uncle, the late Thomas Brouwer of the South Cootamundra mine, died in the early 1890\'s. The present Mr. F. Auld, a son, was born at Sandgate in 1867, and was married at Northcote in 1882. He is now engaged in pastoral pursuits near Northcote.\"\"Aitken, Joseph (1851—1933) photo supplied by family. Two brothers, Joseph Aitken and Charles Aitken, a son, and his brother, Frank Aitken of Kew, of Sydney, died this morning aged 79 years. The funeral, leaving St. Mark\'s Cathedral to-morrow afternoon for the Sydney Central Cemetery, will be closely watched. The Rev. R. J. Hughes officiated at the grave. The service at the graveside was conducted by Father John Hughes, Kew, and will be held at 5.30 p.m.\"\"Lidstrach, Louis Henry (1846—1933) One of the original members of the A.F.C., and a brother-in-law, of the late Mr. Louis Lidstrach, passed away recently. Mr. Louis Lidstrach was born in London. The late Mr. Louis Lidstrach was the most versatile and highly developed of our commercial and industrial men. Mr. Louis Lidstrach was interested in banking, before he enlisted in the army. He enlisted in the 1st A.B.F., with ú20 in his pocket. In 1906, he married Miss Elizabeth Maclure in London. He later managed the Bank of France, and in 1913 he became general manager and manager of the Melbourne branch of the Bank of New South Wales. Mr. Lidstrach was president of the First Melbourne Bank, which was merged into the Bank of Australia in 1932, and he became vice-president, in 1922. A member of the A.F.C, and for some years secretary, when he retired was at the Wellington branch. Mr. Lidstrach\'s business interests were broad-based, and he managed large and well known companies in Victoria and New South Wales. He was a member of the Melbourne Steamship Co., and later of the Wellington Steamship Co., a managing director of the Sydney Steam Navigation Co., and a director of the Melbourne & Melbourne Railroad Company. He had many friends in Europe and Australasia, and his works for others and his love of life are most inspiring. He leaves a widow and seven children to mourn their loss.\"\"Wightman, George (1864—1933) The death at Epping of Sir George Wightman, chairman of the New South Wales branch of the Royal Agricultural Society, and a member of the Australian royal family, has been a shock to the agricultural industry in the colony, as he was widely known in business circles. He was a son of the late Sir Frederick Wightman, who died in 1918, and was educated in England. He joined the Royal Agricultural Society in 1889, and entered practice in 1894. He was a most useful member of the society for his practical work, which he found stimulating. Some 17 years ago he retired from active work in the management of the British and Agricultural Insurance Company, in conjunction with his brother, William, and joined the New South Wales branch of the Royal Agricultural Society. Sir George Wightman, who had five sons, was a brother-in-law of the Earl of Cornwall, and a cousin of the Duchess of Cornwall. Sir George Wightman was a member of Parliament from 1911 until 1924, and twice Prime Minister. Since his retirement one of his sons, Mr. Edward Wightman, is director of the Royal Agricultural Society and headmaster of the Epping Primary School. The funeral will leave the residence of Mr. Frank Wightman, Epping, New South Wales, at 6.30 to-day for the Sydney Cemetery.\"\"Govett, William (1868—1933) The death of Mr. Govett, late of Paddington, from influenza, which occurred at the age of 71, took place on Sunday at his home, Gower, Victoria, where he was staying with his two sons. The deceased, who was educated at Ballina School, in the Hawkesbury district, was well known throughout the district. He had been ill four weeks. He leaves a widow and grown-up sons and daughters to mourn their loss.\"\"Aitken, Mary (1853—1933) Mrs. Aitken died on Saturday [9th May] after living to be 102 years of age. Surviving Mrs. O\'Leary and Miss O. F. O\'Leary were neighbours at the time of her death. She was buried at Woodcross Cemetery on the 10th May last.\"\"Hughes, Thomas Alfred (1836—1870) One day in August last a friend of ours, Mr. J. S. O\'Farrell, received notice by telegraph to the effect that he was to see Mr. Thomas Hughes, Esq., at \"\"Maitland.\"\" He arrived at Sydney on the 28th August, and he has remained there ever since, his health not failing. Deceased was a son of Mr. Coughlan Hughes, and died some eight years ago; his other son, Messrs. Thomas Hughes, Esq., and William Hughes, Esq., were members of his family, although deceased had not been a resident of the colony for a great length of time. Deceased will be remembered as the first solicitor for Sydney and Parramatta in the district, who has never been short of a welcome. Since his death his estate has been given to Sir H. G. R. Hughes for his daughter who is married to Mr. E. S. Hughes, the Hon. S. G. Hughes, Esq., and his wife who is Miss Hughes. The funeral will be in St. Matthew\'s Church of England Cemetery, St. James\' Street, at 3 o\'clock on Thursday morning.\"\"Bremner, Alfred (1841—1870) Mrs. Bremner, a native of Ireland, with three brothers, Mr. Frederick Bremner (who is well known in Northam,) Mr. R. S. Bremner, and Mr. Frederick Bremner Bremner, of Sydney, has gone to England by way of Australia, and from thence travelled over land to Sydney. She then proceeded via London to England, then by way of France, and thence back again. She arrived at Sydney some four months ago, and has left with her children a few months ago. The funeral will be private with instructions to call at her residence when it arrives at Windsor. The late Mrs. Bremner was a very fine woman for her time, and was well liked by all classes of the people•especially by the Jews of Sydney. Her character and her talents will long be honoured.\"\"Stokes, J. R. (1835—1870) At his residence there passed away on Monday a very well-known figure on the Hawkesbury, Mrs. J. R. Stokes who was 88 years of age. Her husband died in his seventy-first year. The deceased lady had been ailing for some time and is in the prime of life. She leaves behind a large family in England, two daughters having already married in the Hawkesbury, and one son, Mr. L. L. Lathrop Stokes, residing at Streatham.\"\"Gairdner, Robert James (1795—1870) The people of the Hawkesbury district have been pleased to reflect on the death last week of his deceased Majesty\'s second son, Robert James Gairdner, Esq., and other of the leading men in the Hawkesbury district. The late Sir Henry St. Aubyn, C.M.G.; Sir A. W. Macintyre, F.R., M.C.; Major-General Sir A. H. Macpherson, M.L.C., M.S.G.; Sir William Macleod, M.L.C.; Mr. C. S. Laidley, M.A.; Mr. H. A. MacLellan\"\"Garside, George (Jack) (1948—2011) George Garside was born in Melbourne and was educated at the Melbourne Grammar School. During the 1950s and early 1960s he taught music at St Kilda Grammar School, then was appointed to the school\'s music department in 1969, with a year to go he was appointed principal of St Kilda Boys High School. He remained at St Kilda until his retirement in 2001. He also attended the University of Melbourne School of Music where he studied for his GED. He studied under the legendary saxophonist, Dr. John Beale. In 1972 he was appointed instructor of music, after obtaining his B.A. and M.B.A. in music at the University of Melbourne. He also became a senior research and teaching assistant for the School of Advanced Studies. A year after becoming an associate of the School of Advanced Studies, his father, Dr. George Garside, received the Distinguished Service Order in recognition of his achievements. He made an unsuccessful bid for Parliament in 1975 and was defeated by Dr. David Fagan. In 1981, Dr. John Beale offered the Garside son an appointment as a research fellow at the University of Victoria where he studied to be a Ph.D. He became an honorary lecturer of music with the University of Melbourne following his graduation in 1986. He also trained as a teacher, later returning to the University of Melbourne to work as a student teacher. In 1996 Mr. Garside was awarded the ERC Medal for academic achievement for his dissertation on music in a university. He also became a Fellow of the Royal College of Music and the Institute of Music in 1987. Mr. Garside leaves a special bond with his sons, his son Harry, now the manager of the Melbourne Music Academy, also an arts and craftsman. \"\"Micallef, Charles (Charlie) (1909—1925) On Saturday morning the following morning, on the death of Mr. Charles Micallef, of \"\"Newstead,\"\" Mount Barker, the old district has lost another of its oldest and most respected men. Mr. Micallef had suffered from cancer for the past two or three years, but through a long and patient recovery enjoyed his first rest. He was still in his eighty-fourth year, and was well respected, both as a resident of the district and as a man of business. Deceased is remembered by all who knew and enjoyed his good nature, his affection of nature and his kindly disposition. He was a son of the late Mr. Charles Micallef, and a brother had also been a resident of Mount Barker for many years. Deceased is survived by his aged mother, daughters Caroline and Helen, sons Henry and Herbert, sons Alfred and W.R., and one brother, Mr. Alfred Micallef. The funeral service took place late on Saturday afternoon, the remains being interred in the Burrundie Cemetery, the funeral vehicles consisting of a grey steam car, a yellow sedan and a white camper van.\"\"Loprest, James (1863—1925) There has been a complete break-up of the ranks of those to-day who had enjoyed the privilege of a long, honoured career — men with whom this district has always been, and men who in the past had enjoyed a wide scope of personal interest and who are all but gone, in some measure, from Mount Gambier, including the well-known citizens of this district. The late Mr. Loprest was, like other people of his period in the Mount Gambier district, a public spirited man, and the memory will be found of him as a great lover of all things natural and religious. He played an active part in building Mount Gambier, and was always ready to assist in any worthy cause he could, and it remains to-day to mourn the loss of the best of friends, the first to leave this famous district.He will be mourned with the same feeling as was expressed in the statement made of him last week. One of his sons had come forward yesterday to say that the only son, Alfred Loprest, who has gone away, was killed at the front yesterday morning by his own men. This is an account that has no foundation in fact.In 1877 he married Miss Mary Akeley, which union took place in a private ceremony on the 19th, and he leaves five daughters. The late Mr. Loprest had the rank of Major. He is survived by his two sons, Dr. James A. Loprest, a doctor of medicine in Sydney; Mr. T. Loprest, a stock and station broker in Mount Waverley, and Mr. Charles W. Loprest, solicitor in Mount Gambier; and Mrs. H. A. (Lady) S. (Rose) Loprest, a granddaughter of the deceased.There are now five brothers and two sisters, the brother, Alfred Loprest, who is a farmer in the Mount Waverley district, has died at Newcastle, and Mrs. Edward Loprest the second daughter is at Mount Misericordia. One son had lived in the district for some time.The funeral will leave his late home at 2 o\'clock tomorrow morning for the Crematorium.\"\"Huxley, Thomas (1828—1908) The death of Mr. Thomas Huxley (formerly of Campbelltown) took place at his residence St. Leger, Wagga Wagga, on Saturday last, at the age of 78 years. Deceased had been in indifferent health for about three years prior to his death, but the cause of death was heart failure. It was an important event that he came to the end of his days in such circumstances. Mr. Huxley predeceased his father by about twenty years, though having lived on with his brother Henry, who came out to New South Wales with his parents, shortly before the departure of the first train to Sydney, and has lived up to a considerable age. Mr. Huxley was a native of Campbelltown, and had spent the better part of his life in that locality. One son, Mr. W. J. Huxley, was educated at the Collingwood School and the Hunter River School. Another son, Mr. Henry Huxley, did most of his schooling at St. Leger. The late Mr. Huxley and his brothers were conspicuous in philanthropic organizations of every kind. Mr. Huxley was a prominent member of all the missionary societies and in the local Church of England congregation. His funeral took place on Sunday last, his funeral cortege, which included his sons, being mostly representative of the townspeople. His last will and testament was read as a mark of respect to his father. The remains were followed to the home to the church and burial which took place in the cemetery, the Rev. C. S. Averill read the will, and was assisted by many members of the parish. The Rev. J. H. Green was the officiating clergyman.The residence of the late Mr. Huxley in St. Leger has been a popular spot among his friends during the early days, when his fine grey woollen cap was worn by all his companions. It was also fashionable to put the coat back on, just to give it a touch of colour. The present home was built in 1859 and was built by the late Mr Huxley, who was a large landholder. When he came out to the colony Mr. Huxley was heavily invested in agricultural interests. A few years ago he purchased a tract of country on the South Coast, near Toowoomba. After having passed his life\'s labour, his estate, which now comprises a huge estate of land in the city, the family remained in full possession of the ground until quite recently, when the estate was divided and he became the sole owner.The late Mr. Huxley had not been a sufferer from heart disease since March, 1868, when he had an illness of the left side. He was engaged on with great success. About this time the brothers John and Robert Huxley commenced business on their own account•Mr. Huxley being manager of the company in which their father was engaged. Mr. Huxley\'s brother, Mr. Arthur Huxley, in partnership with Messrs. P. E. Cossart and Co., commenced a dairy company in the Hawkesbury district, and it was on his own account that the company\'s property was granted to Mr. Arthur Huxley in 1874. The new enterprise, which was at its time known as the Huxley Dairy Company, was a great success and became a favourite with all who did business with it in the district. The late Mr. Huxley took a very active interest in the progress of his firm, and always held their operations to the highest standard. Mr. Huxley was president of the Pastoralists\' Trade Union of the Hawkesbury for many years. The late gentleman was also president of the Y.M.C.A. In 1885 the late Mr. Huxley was declared bankrupt, having suffered from heart disease for some time prior to his decease. The late Mr. Huxley was buried in the family vault.\"\"Southeyy, James (?—1913) It was well known for many years that Captain S. L. Southeyy, a resident of the Darling, as well as the late Captain James Whitton and other members of the company, were very much attached to the locality. Mr. and Mrs. D. Cope, both of Brisbane, were present on the occasion of Captain SoutheyyÂs arrival at Lake Albert for the inauguration of the companyÂs station and waterworks work. Mr. & Mrs. G. Cope were also represented in attendance as guests of the deceased officers and staff of the company. A memorial service will be held at St. PaulÂs Cathedral at 3 p.m. today for Mr. and Mrs. Southeyy as well as for the family members and friends of the deceased.\"\"Pechey, Sir Henry (1858—1913) The death has occurred at the age of 80 years, of Sir Henry Pechey, M.L.C., of Melbourne, where he was born and at Melbourne Grammar School, where he was educated. He came to the State when very little more than a boy, and in 1892 founded the company which carried on its work in Melbourne from the time of the completion of St. AndrewÂs College until his death at the age of 84. His father was a solicitor appointed to a very large firm of solicitors during the early days of a very large town, and Sir Henry was born at Balmain on January 22, 1858. The early years of his life were spent in Melbourne, and with the establishment of the firm of Messrs. George Lipscomb, James and Henry Pechey, his interest in it was extended, after a few years he became manager, and after the death of Mr. W. L. Pechey in 1896 he assumed the partnership. In 1907, about the time of the national convention of which he was secretary, he resigned his position on account of ill-health, and his death took place about the sixteenth year of his life. Before this he had occupied nearly a century in business and had been president of several companies. He leaves a widow and three sons•Sir Henry, Mr. William Pechey, and Mr. John Pechey, of Melbourne; and the children (Misses Misses Margaret, Grace, and Florence Pechey, and Mrs. S. Dangin. Mrs. J. L. Macaulay. Deceased had one son, Messrs P. H. and John J. Pechey, well-known in the Western District.\"\"The family had only known each other for a week when Mrs. Thomas, who had been sick for many months, came out of her home in good health but soon afterwards her death took place. She came into the house with her husband. They were lying at \"\"The Pint\"\" at the back of the place. There was a large crowd coming to see old Mrs. Thomas, who was then 80 years of age. She had lived for some time under a tree, at the same time living on bread and drink, and having only an infirm bed. The old lady lived till ten days after her illness but there was no pain. After a little time she lay down to rest with her husband and when she rose she knew the end was coming, she did not scream. The end came at the end of a very few minutes. She was the last of the white women living in the old part of the old country. An old lady who had lived in such a house for such a long time passed away in her eightyth year. The black widow died about a month and a day after she came to the settlement. Mrs Thomas had lived here for fifty years and had been married for thirty years. She had no children. The funeral, which was an enormous one, was very largely attended by large numbers of people and by all who were invited to pay their last tribute of respect to the departed lady. The interment will take place today at the grave side, the Rev. W. A. Lewis officiating.\"\"Hinton, Joseph (1845—1913) Mr. Joseph Hinton, of \"\"Caulford,\"\" a well-known pastoral owner from \"\"Pudd\"\" station, who died in Launceston on Saturday, was the youngest son of the late William and Lady Hinton. He was the only surviving son of the late Lieutenant-Colonel John Hinton, M.L.C\"\"Nairn, Arthur John (1881—1941) Mr. Nairn, of Caulfield Drive, Lismore, reared two sons and four daughters, of whom two sons passed away in 1918: Richard and Herbert; and two daughters are living: Misses Gert and Alice Nairn, and a sister and two nieces.Mr. Nairn was a member of the Lismore Fire Brigades for 30 years. He served with the fire brigade in Lismore under Colonel W. T. R. Nairn from 1926 to 1933, with the Lismore Fire Brigade from 1934 until 1936, and also in the R.J.F. from 1929 until 1938. Mr. Nairn was educated at Adelaide Grammar School and the University of Adelaide. During the course of his education he became interested in photography, and became associated with Messrs. A. S. MacFarlane and John B. Fadden. He also took a course in photography and was invited to take a course in film at Sydney College, where he subsequently received his B.A. degree. Mr. Nairn was a life member of the L.L.B.M.A. since its inception. He was a member of the L.H.P. for 12 years. Mr. Nairn was a member of the L.H.P. Local 576, of the National Fire Brigade Association, and was also a life member of the R.H.E.F. He was a member of the NSW Branch of the Fire Brigades Union, the Australian Photographic Union of America and the British Association of Fire Sciences. He was one of the members of the L.L.B.M.A. and was a life member of the L.H.P. He was married to Miss Molloy, of Sydney, who survives him. Both died suddenly in 1918, the first of whom was a son. The second son died in 1926. One son (Mr. Ernest R. Nairn) died at a private hospital in 1938. Mr. Nairn was a member of the L.H.P. Local 577 at Lismore from 1923 until 1936. In 1936, he was appointed a life member of the L.H.P. Local 576. Mr. Nairn is survived by his wife and two daughters, Mr. G. S. Crouch and Mrs. J.\"\"In the year 1931 he took up a professorship at Griffith University, and then was appointed an assistant professor at the University of Queensland for two years. In January, 1935, he was promoted to the chair of philosophy. In this he had for his residence at Paddington, on the south side, his usual quarters near the front, with his chair of languages, his laboratory at Brisbane, and his library at the end of the street. He was a great lover of music, the best instrument which he owned being a viola guitar. He played often for the New School. He was a great lover of nature. At all times he was a lover of good beer. A great supporter of the Royal Agricultural Society, he was a member of its committee, and the Agricultural Society was founded. He taught and lectured in the State Agricultural College in Brisbane for a number of years, and wrote books and articles on the history and classification of grains. For ten years he was a member of the department of agriculture at the University of Queensland. He was also a member of the staff of the Department of Agriculture at the Australian Agricultural Research School, and was a member of the staff of the National Bureau of Statistics, at the University of London. He was of a retiring character, and on several occasions he was absent from work. He was regarded by his friends as a fair judge of stock, and was considered to have an excellent eye for any specimen of native stock. When he was in his early thirties, Dr. Brown had no children. He was also unmarried. His death occurred on Sunday evening, the 20th instant. The funeral took place on Monday morning in the Anglican burial and Cemetery, Mount Isa, and at the graveside, at 3 o\'clock. The Reverend Dr. S. S. Macfarlane officiated at the graveside. Elder C. W. Macfarlane performed the ceremonies.\"\"O\'Brien, James (1835—1882) Mr. James O\'Brien, M.L.C., a well-known resident of the Hawkesbury for many years, died suddenly at the residence of his brother, Judge O\'Brien, \"\"Rufflesville,\"\" North Adelaide, on Thursday on the 27th ult., an offence which seems to have been the result of his excessive drinking. The deceased gentleman was well-known in the district, though relatively unknown amongst his peers, and was one of the few people in the town to whom the word \"\"squalid\"\" was synonymous with \"\"disgusting.\"\"In the last ten or fifteen years the deceased gentleman\'s health had become very weak, and it is said that he was only about a month from the end of his life. Since the time of his disappearance from the Hawkesbury town his health had been seriously impaired. He had become so weak that in recent times Mr. O\'Brien, who was known by the familiar name of \"\"Jimmy,\"\" was not often seen in the town, and when in a serious state of health he was seen in the North.When the \"\"Billy\"\" Hotel was being constructed, in a town of approximately 900, a large quantity of sandbags were sent from Sydney and Melbourne with the intention of making it a hotel. The original plan was to have a hotel in the old North Adelaide Hall. Later a new hotel was decided upon, and the sandbags were taken to the hotel site. On Monday afternoon, a sudden fit of ill-health seized and the hotel was closed. On Tuesday morning, after a visit to the local doctor, who had declared death to be inevitable, the hotel and the house of the Hotel O\'Brien were locked up, and the death of the late Mr. James O\'Brien was reported to be the cause of the accident. On Wednesday evening the funeral was held at the Church of England cemetery.\"\"Bannatyne, David (?—2005) Mr. David Bannatyne, who was the former Minister for Public Transport from 1993 to 1998 and Minister for Railways from 1998 to 2003, is survived by his wife, Karen, and seven children. The late Mr. Bannatyne, who is survived by Karen, two sons and three daughters, was born in Melbourne, the first child of an English father and a German mother.He had a distinguished parliamentary career, serving in the first parliament of an Australian State after the introduction of proportional representation and the introduction of the National Interests Act of 1945. He was a member of the Coalition Ministry from 1975 to 1983, serving with Mr. J. D. Cunningham from 1977 to 1983. He was also in Parliament from 1982 to 1984 and was a member of the Government\'s Trade Commission during the final years of the Labor Government, a senior State representative since the Labor Government\'s return under Mr. Gough Whitlam, who was Minister for Railways from the mid-1960s to 1981.Mr. Bannatyne was a member of the House of Representatives of Queensland from 1961 to 1971, and was Minister in that Ministry from 1971 to 1971, and from 1975 to 1976. During this time he was a member of the Joint Committee of the House of Representatives and the Upper House. On the latter occasion he was the committee\'s vice-chair.Over a wide range of legislative activities during his career, Mr. Bannatyne was a prolific writer.He was the author of more than 60 parliamentary and State legislation, mostly relating to education.He was appointed to the Legislative Council of Australia as a member from the first state Labor Government, his position being filled by Mr. Robert Waddell in April, 1957. He was a member of the Legislative Council of Queensland, and served on it from 1971 until July, 1973. He was on the Legislative Council of the State of New South Wales from 1966 to 1970. In the latter year, he was appointed a member of the Legislative Council of New South Wales for one year and a representative of that body in New South Wales from July, 1977 to March, 1979. He resigned from the Legislative Council of Queensland in March, 1971, but resumed membership at the end of 1973 after Mr. Gough Whitlam, who had left Parliament two years previously, was appointed Minister for Railways. Mr. Bannatyne joined the Legislative Council of New South Wales as a member of the Committee of the Senate for three years, when the members of the Standing Committee of the Senate were retired, and then occupied positions on the National Interests Committee. In 1968, Mr. Bannatyne was appointed a member of the Committee on Railways for two years. He remained a member of the Committee until December 31, 1976, when his term of membership was ended.\"\"Broughton, Geoffrey Robert (1949—2011) Broughton was a distinguished engineer who earned distinction on numerous World Forum committees, and who won a distinguished fellow of the Order of Australia in 1991.BroughtonÂs career in engineering dates back to the early 1940Âs, when in 1942, he joined the British Naval Intelligence Service as a naval engineer. He served with the Royal Ordnance Engineers in South Africa and Namibia, and with the Royal Ordnance Engineers in Australia and New Zealand. During the latter part of his career (1949-2000), Broughton worked in the Defence Department and various government departments.BroughtonÂs main areas of active research work were in nuclear energy reactors, as well as in the design of high performance and ultra-light lightweight materials, especially glass.His achievement in this area was recognized in 1988, when he was awarded the Royal College of EngineeringÂs (RCEL) Commonwealth Engineering Medal for his work on the subject.Following his retirement from the RCEL, his outstanding contributions to the development of the military research community are included in the record of the Naval Science Branch and the Defence Advanced Research Projects Agency.BroughtonÂs interests in aviation and engineering were broad and extensive, as he took an active part in both the military and civilian aviation fields. During his career and after he retired from the Navy in 1991, he was a director of Air Canada, chairman of the Royal Melbourne Society, and chairman of the Commonwealth Aviation Association.During his career, he established many international reputations. In 2001, he was awarded the medal of the Commonwealth Engineering Medal for his work on the Australian National Space Project. He was a member of the International Scientific Advisory Board of the IAA. He was the first president of the IAA Foundation, and he was the first vice chairman.\"\"Henty, Alexander (1838—1908) The death of Mr. Alexander Henty, of Wiggangora Station in the Mt. Sturt\'s district, occurred early on Monday morning, and the funeral took place at Mt. Sturt\'s Church of England Cemetery, at South Yarra. A short sermon was said by Mr. E. C. Smith, in the church, and the burial service was conducted by the Rev. Henty.The late Mr. Henty was born at Lismore, and came to the Mt. Sturt district when he was about 22 years of age, going northwards with his parents on their horse-drawn farm and carrying loads on it. The parents, who were both of English descent, first came to the Mt. Sturt district about 10 years ago, on a journey in search of gold.The late Mr. Henty married Miss Mary C. Young, a daughter of Mr. C. Young, of Ketterong, and they came to Glen Innes, which belongs to Mr. W. I. Henty. His wife died about 10 years ago, and the infant was christened.The late Mr. Henty\'s father was, at one time, connected with the Mt. Sturt gold-fields, and it is likely, to some extent, the connection of the Mt. Sturt goldfields with the past history of this district.\"\"Baring, Emily (1855—1908) Our old and respected friend, Mrs. Emily Baring, passed away with her late husband, on Saturday at 4 o\'clock at the Grand Canal Hotel. Mrs. Baring had been in ill-health for a considerable time before her death, but continued for some months after leaving hospital. Her name appeared on our street list a few months ago, when it was thought that she had passed away with cancer. The news of her death was received with the greatest regret, as her name was so popular with every local person. One of Mrs. Baring\'s sisters who was with her on Saturday, remembers the circumstances connected with her death in a way that brings into relief the memories of those that knew and loved her well. As it is stated in the original report, one of the doors was kicked in, and when Mrs. Baring got back, she was found slumped on a chair in bed. She was, however, quite strong afterwards, and was carried on the carriage to the hospital, where she did not suffer much. A card describing the circumstances of the offence, which took place on the same street as the funeral, was brought, and the statement of reason on the note in the handwriting was made by a doctor who was with Mrs. Baring during the whole of her illness. The deceased lady was well known in this district and was widely popular; she is also very well known by her own daughters, and in other families also. For a long time she resided in Sydney, and after having lived in Goulburn a short time at Shepparton, for six months, and after having lived in Sydney for the last 18 months, left the district for this place about 12 months ago, and was then in her 80th year. At the time of her death, her husband had about three weeks\' pasted to-day, her children were little younger than three years old, and she has been unable to go to their mother for some time, leaving them to take the care of herself; the deceased had a daughter, now Mrs. S. M. Waddell. She was a very active woman, having a great knowledge of all things in this part of the district, and she took a keen interest in local affairs, and was one of the earliest organisers of the Mt. Sturt Cemetery, which is a fitting monument to her memory.\"\"Wigley, David (1939—2010) David Wigley was on an academic tour of East Asia when a new course in economics began in earnest in 1987 and his work took him immediately to East Asian economies. He was one of the pioneers of research in China, but after a few years he returned to New Zealand. His major contribution in this regard took place in 1997 when he became the first professor of economic history in New Zealand and he was later to lead a major research project into the development of advanced and middle income economies in Asia.One of the many contributions made by him as a public teacher was to make comparative social science accessible to a wider audience. In particular many of us now learn about differences between states and societies that would only otherwise emerge in the public domain, and are therefore very hard for our Westerners to understand. It is in these areas of comparative social science that David Wigley found the very best of his place in New Zealand academia, not only by his writing and his teaching but by his intellectual and professional success as well. He will be sadly missed for a variety of reasons including his dedication to academics, his work with students in his first years at Dunedin University and for many years as the chief lecturer at Dunedin University, of which he became a deputy in 1998. His leadership of the Australian Social Series, in which he presented a series of international events for the benefit of the children of Australians, was also of benefit in Australia to young people.It must also be noted that for him there is a very clear distinction between a student, a member of a community, or a public authority. In his life he showed that it is the student, not a community or public authority, that is really to blame for social ills. In general he showed that students should be taken seriously but not taken to their knees; in particular this is the best way to get children off their knees.It was not often that the teaching of comparative social science to our students was taken up by someone who did not take the same attitude in the case of students. And it was difficult in practice for students to do the same in the context of a professor who took the student more or less completely on trust, and not quite in the way teachers should take students seriously. Many teachers have to do this themselves sometimes but for David Wigley it did not seem so difficult. In fact one of his greatest strengths was that to the students it seemed to go without saying that what a professor did was for the students. This was in a profession that generally thought that teachers had too much to do on their own account but the students, or to some extent the public or the public servants, were the one source of information on which to base judgments. Such a view was the one common to most of the schools then in New Zealand and the majority of the teachers who were teachers as well as their students or the students themselves.\"\"Smith, John (1833—1906) Many regret will be felt in the district for the loss which has taken place to him who for some years past was one of the oldest residents of the Newtown district. Dr. Smith was first taken ill on the morning of September 26, and was compelled to leave his residence, the Hotel Cressy, in the Newtown, at a time when a man of such health would find it hard to remain where he was. Having gone to his sister\'s house, he was found to be suffering from severe pneumonia. He retired from his busy business, his usual occupation for a considerable period of time, and, being unable to resume his usual activities, a week or a fortnight of illness followed. When he rose from his bed the following morning he was in a much better condition than he had been since he fell from his horse, after a violent fall at the \"\"Cossie,\"\" a farm adjoining the old residence of Dr. George Smith. His death will be extremely deplored by a large circle of friends, and his loss will be keenly felt; moreover by the public at large. Dr. Smith was an ardent worker for the education of his sons, and for the betterment of his own health. The children\'s books which were brought into the district in the days of the early settlers were of great value to the author, and many of the students in those days would have read those books even without this aid to them. Many other objects could well have been done, and they did so many good work. To those to whom his services were paid may be added contributions to the funds run by the Local Government, the Newtown Museum, the Sydney Hospital, and the many other ways in which he discharged his duty. He was the first to extend the grounds of the North-East Railway, and he was a great supporter of the Sydney Yacht Club. Dr. Smith was also a keen worker on behalf of other charitable interests, both public and domestic, and his wife predeceased him some years ago. His health took a severe turn with that of his last illness, and for a time he was prevented from going to church and on Sunday he could do nothing but read and write. He was a man of quiet, unassuming disposition and he showed much sympathy with those who were down, or unable to go about their daily business. One of the first acts of his funeral was to be a memorial service at the North Newtown cemetery. A cortege of gentlemen went to pay their last respects to the pioneer in the city, and on reaching the hearse the Reverend George L. T. McFarland read the last of Dr. John Smith\'s remarkable epigram. Then a solemn procession of several thousand persons passed by, and after a solemn and imposing service, the cortege took its way down the river to the old town, and was followed by another great gathering of representatives of the whole district, including many of the early settlers. Mr. and Mrs. Macpherson, and a large number of other relatives and friends followed the cortege to the graveside, and among many wreaths placed were ones addressed to Sir George. and Mrs. Smith, and to the late Mr. and Mrs. Chirnside and Dr. Smith. A cortege of thousands of people was then seen moving in the streets of the old city. After a short service the remains of the deceased were followed by a large assembly of the people, who were, in a word, overwhelmingly in sympathy with their late friend. He who was most highly esteemed by all sections of the community is gone. \"\"The Town and City Herald.\"\"\"\"Smith, Charles Henry (1820—1876) The death of Mr. Charles Henry Smith, a resident of Rockhampton for over 50 years, has removed one of the last of the pioneers of the district. On Friday the deceased was taken ill at the residence of his sons, Mr. and Mrs. T. Smith, and died at 3 o\'clock. He was a bachelor, and was not married. He was the eldest son of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas B. Smith of \"\"Branchy,\"\" a few kilometres from Cootamundra.\"\"McInnes, Elizabeth (1874—1983) Elizabeth McInnes, of Yarrands Creek, died on the morning of July 25, aged 64. DEATH  -The NSW Supreme Court has ruled that Dr Elizabeth McInnes, of Yarrands Creek, Yarrandana, has died. She was the second daughter of the late William and Mary McInnes, and the second child of the late Dr Hugh Martin, and had lived in the Yarrands Creek district for over 50 years. They were involved in a great deal of sporting sports, being a member of Yarrands Creek football club and a volunteer for the Yarrands Creek Junior Football club. They were also a part of the Yarrands Creek Y.M.C.A. and the Y.A.R.C. As a young girl, she began her own sporting activities; she was runner and a horsewoman. She was a keen rider as well, being very thorough. She married Robert McInnes, of Yarrand Creek, in 1931, and they had a family of five sons and two daughters. One of her daughters, Mrs. C. C. McNeil (a member of the same Y.A.R.C. association), survives her.\"\"Cohen, David Henry (1834—1902) David Henry Cohen, formerly an early settler in this district, died at his residence, \"\"Barrangoola,\"\" Glenferrie, on Wednesday on account of his heart being stopped by heart disease. Deceased was aged 64. He was born at Dorset, England, in August, 1834, and, with his brother-in-law, Henry, came to this district in 1857 during the gold fever of the year before. On their arrival, however, the gold fever had worn off, and they entered on the long journey to the North-west in company with their brother, George Lipscomb. After settling on Glenferrie Station, David and his brothers soon had to acquire more land which, owing to inadequate drainage and the consequent high prices, was too expensive to be attempted by any settlers before them. By this time David, who was one of the best-known men in the town, had made some progress, and was able to procure some land at Glencannool, on the Darling, near Woorogonga. In early times (late 1859) this place was acquired by the late Philip Mitchell and his wife from the late Mr. George Lipscomb, of Glencannool. Their son Henry died in 1851, and David continued on the station until 1870, when he took up the country of Glenferrie. The father and son remained together until the death of the widow in March, 1894. David married Elizabeth (also a daughter of Philip Mitchell), of the Sydney River, who predeceased him in June, 1876. Henry and George Lipscomb, his brothers, were the other brothers of the late deceased. The late Benjamin Cohen, who owned St. John\'s, and Richmond, in the Northern district, and on his wife bought Glenferrie out from Mr. Cohen in 1886, and for about a quarter of a century and a half has resided there, although his son, John Cohen, now resides at Glenferrie, and was a considerable landlord on the station.\"\"Meehan, John Thomas (1821—1902) Mr. John T. [Thomas] Meehan, sen., of Northcote, N.S.W. had the misfortune to meet with \"\"deaths of the heart\"\" at the advanced age of 96. He was one of the earliest residents of the Hawkesbury River district, and it was a circumstance that prompted him to leave his family at a comparatively early age. He was a native of this district, and spent his life on the western banks of the river. It is understood that he took a deep interest in the affairs of the town, and was a most capable magistrate; as well as a philanthropic worker, in the discharge of public duties. About 1877 he took a share in the affairs of the Central Grammar School, and during the time of its formation he was the most ardent supporter of its success and the most energetic of those who took an intelligent part in the progress its future prospects entailed. As the school progressed he took a prominent part in making it the instrument by which it attained prosperity, and was a man of uncommon enthusiasm and practical initiative. He continued to reside at Northcote as a freeholder at the time of the dissolution of that institution, in which capacity he retained the same interest until the time of his death. As a public man he was distinguished, and was a frequent sufferer on account of the way in which he undertook his public duties. Of his wife the late Mrs. R. Jameson•a daughter of Colonel Jameson and Mrs. Jameson, of Mount Hope, Queensland, and a sister-in-law of Sir Joseph Kennedy•who survive him, his sister being the daughter of the Hon. Arthur George, of Victoria. About a dozen brothers and four sisters live in that district. The oldest of Mr. Meehan\'s sons is Mr. Edward Meehan of Northcote.\"\"Muecke, Walter J. (1914—1960) Dr. Walter Muecke has died at the age of 80 at a Brisbane nursing home, but was regarded as an authority on paediatrics, obstetrics, and child psychology. Dr. Muecke was for many years a Fellow of the Queensland Academy of Science. He was awarded the OAM degree in 1947. In 1949 he was appointed an Honorary Fellow of the University of Queensland. Dr. Muecke had been a Fellow of The Royal Society since 1937 and was also for some years on the Council of the British Medical Association. He is survived by a widow and a daughter.\"\"Farrar, Thomas (Billy) (1872—1960) The death occurred at Sydney hospital on Friday after an illness of a son of the late Mr Thomas Farrar, of Adelaide, at 74 years of age. The funeral left the Rookwood Presbyterian Church at 3.30 pm yesterday afternoon. The Rev H. M. Ainsworth officiated.Brothers and sisters, Mr and Mrs Farrar and her son, were followed in the Presbyterian Church by members of their family.\"